<L>__{into the apartment in a single tug. the whine of a motor, and the}
<A>__{pane pulls up, the thief expertly popping it into place. no trace of entry. rapidly folding the rigging into an astonishingly compact bundle, the thief scans... ...the profusion of priceless art. the paintings run to otto dix, franz marc, marcel duchamp. one statue an obvious rodin. the soft lighting makes walls seem invisible, everything with an infinity perspective in mind. an obsidian slab dining table that seems to end at the horizon. the thief has packed the rigging away, taken out a large cylin drical tube bearing a label we can't read. knows the way, quickly through the spectacular apartment, past oils by early german expressionists, russian futurists, a rothko, a kandinsky, a francis bacon. the thief has no interest in these, and as credits continue, we enter... ...a powder room. a lime green poured concrete sink, a copper plated commode, and across from these... ...a single painting. unlike the others, clearly an old master. a 17th century city on the water, churches, spires, an ancient bridge. the thief wastes no time, unceremoniously... ...cuts the painting from its frame with sure, perfect strokes. rolls it quickly in acid free paper. opens the cylindrical tube, pulling out... ...another canvas which we cannot see. deftly unrolls this, fitting it carefully into the stolen painting's now empty frame. re hangs it. stares for a beat through the opaque helmet visor. approves. slips the rolled up stolen canvas into the empty tube. leaves. before we follow, we shift angle to see the replacement canvas... a cheerful acrylic portrait. bozo the clown. with the thief now, moving fast, into a panelled library. there is a chute built into the wall, a brass lid with the words u.s. mail. the thief pops the labeled tube down the chute. gone. steps... ...onto a bookshelf, reaches up to punch out an overhead grating, and... disappears into the vent. reaching back to refit the grating seamlessly into place.}
