<L>__{interior laboratory day}
<D>__{in a "futuristic" 1920s laboratory, a man in tail coat and bow tie is being tortured. ultrasound is being piped into his ears. it's incredibly painful! he's screaming. title card: i'm not telling! i won't talk!!! his torturers, cold men of science in white coats, gradually increase the volume. the pain seems unbearable, the volume reaches level 10 (maximum), the man passes out!}
<L>__{interior cells & corridors day}
<D>__{guards wearing long leather overcoats throw the man into a cell! as the man is lying there on the ground, a dog wiggles through the bars at the window. the dog, a jack russell, jumps on top of the man visibly his master and begins to lick his face. the man opens one eye! when he sees his dog, he can't help cracking a smile... the man, now on his feet, looks in pain. despite the pain, he motions to his dog who begins to bark in lively fashion. outside the cell, the guard looks curious about the noise. he goes to the door, opens the spy flap and finds himself face to face with the man, eye to eye just a couple of inches apart! the man moves his eyes in such a way that he hypnotizes the guard! superimposed on the screen: a spinning black and white spiral, until the dazed guard take his keys, opens the door and releases the man and his dog. the man (the hero, thus) imprisons the guard without harming him, then runs over to the guard's desk. his ears are still causing him pain, but he opens a drawer and takes out his belongings: a top hat which he snaps open, and a mask, which he puts over his head to conceal his eyes. we catch up with the masked man walking down corridors. he suddenly stops, copied by his dog who follows him like his shadow. the man, on his guard, has spotted another guard where two corridors meet. with a look, he orders his dog to move forwards into the guard's line of sight. the guard looks over at the animal. using his fingers, the hero pretends to shoot his dog. the dog collapses, plays dead. the guard, increasingly curious, gets to his feet. he slowly approaches the motionless dog. when he comes close he is attacked from the side by the hero, who quickly puts him out of action with a mere punch! the masked man then rushes to another cell, and releases a young female prisoner. she too is wearing evening dress. as she is thanking him he staggers and clutches his ears in pain. she's concerned. title card: can i help you in some way? he refuses. title card: no. i don't get helped. i give the help around here. he composes himself. she casts him an admiring glance. then, in view of the urgency of their situation, they escape at a run.}
