<L>__{interior kinograph studios restaurant decor set day}
<D>__{we're on a film set, the crew is setting up a shot. the director is unhappy with a screen positioned behind a bay window and he sends it off.}
<A>__{title card: remove that screen and bring me another one! on the double! two hands pick up the screen and carry it away. george arrives on set, everyone smiles at him. he sits down on the chair which bears his name. the producer whom we saw the previous day at the premiere arrives. his name is zimmer, and he's flanked by and followed around at every moment by two secretaries and two assistants. one of them hands him the hollywood reporter, and zimmer, before he's even come to a halt, talks to george as he shows him the front page. he is visibly upset. george looks a lot more relaxed, he says hello and vaguely tries to reassure him. but zimmer persists, still pointing at the newspaper. title card: because of this childish nonsense, there's nothing about the film before page 5! behind george, the two set hands come back with a new screen of sky scenery, and wait, standing just next to george. as they are holding it, there is a three foot gap underneath. while the producer is talking to him, george's attention is drawn by a lovely pair of women's legs that have come to stand behind the screen, the top half of the body being hidden by it. george acknowledges the sight with a smile and is about to bring his attention back to the on going discussion, when his attention is drawn away again by a noise, that of the tap steps the female legs are making, presumably as a warm up. george smiles in recognition and responds with a few tap steps of his own. the women's legs instantly stop, seem to think a moment and then answer back, but with a jump in the complexity of the steps. a tap dialogue ensues between the two pairs of legs, until the set hands the path before them now cleared pick up their screen of scenery and walk off with it. the screen moves away and as it disappears reveals that the upper body belongs to a young woman. she pulls a face meaning 'here i am!!' and of course it's peppy, except that she immediately realizes who she is dealing with visibly she wasn't expecting this at all and feels completely ridiculous and uncomfortable. her joyful expression gradually becomes one of abject apology, but george is roaring with laughter. after a short pause, zimmer makes the connection. he checks the front page of the paper, and recognizes her! then he begins shouting at her and all she can do is lower her head, unable to reply. he gestures that she's fired and for her to get out, and she starts to go, completely distraught. she's just made a couple of steps when george stops her and tells her to come back. everyone is surprised, most of all him. zimmer can't believe it, and so doesn't respond at first.}
<D>__{there's bad feeling between them, as though neither wanted this sudden conflict, but like it had always been there, tangible. everyone on the set seems to be waiting for zimmer to react, but to their surprise, after a long moment of hesitation, he walks away without saying a thing. peppy looks at george gratefully, smiling, but seems a little preoccupied as though she might have made a mistake. everyone on set gets back to work.}
