<L>__{interior kinograph studios dressing room corridors day}
<D>__{later on, in the dressing room corridor, peppy, holding an envelope, goes up to george's door. she knocks, waits for a reply, then enters. there's nobody there. she hesitates, not sure whether to leave or stay...}
<L>__{interior kinograph studios george's dressing room day}
<D>__{finally, she goes into the room and places the envelope addressed to george valentin on the dresser. then she attentively looks around the dressing room. she looks at the objects and photos and notices, hanging from a coat stand, george's jacket on a hanger, and his hat which sits on a hook above it. the way the clothes are disposed looks like george's silhouette, except that the clothes are empty. she goes over, strokes the jacket and little by little brings george to life through his clothes. she puts her right hand into the sleeve and touches her own waist. as it's george's sleeve, she makes it look like his arm has come to life, as though george has come to life. even more so since her left hand is stroking the jacket as though george were inside. she takes pleasure from the embrace and, when george comes into the room, she slowly removes her hand without any rush. george sees her, they look at each other. he closes the door but doesn't go over to her, instead going over to the mirror. he looks at her, she at him... he motions to her to approach. she does. he stares at her face for a while before he speaks. title card: if you want to be an actress, you need to have something no one else has. he takes a make up pencil and draws a beauty spot above her upper lip. she looks at herself in the mirror and smiles. she likes it. she turns towards him and, quite naturally, folds into his arms. the dog watches them curiously with its head leaning to one side. they are probably about to kiss when george's chauffeur comes into the room and catches them. george swiftly moves aside and there is a moment of discomfort. the chauffeur unwraps a parcel and takes out a large and beautiful pearl necklace. george is intrigued by the necklace, and turns away from peppy. she understands that george has his own life, that their embrace was just a stolen moment and slowly leaves, looking back at george as she does so. he does not look at her. she leaves the room. once he has studied and necklace and is satisfied, george turns back towards peppy but she is no longer there. the chauffeur exits the room. when he is alone, george looks at himself in the mirror. his expression shows that he things he is the stupidest man in the world. he mimes shooting himself in the temple with his fingers, but it's the dog which collapses into its play dead pose.}
