<L>__{interior kinograph studios secretary's office day}
<D>__{despite the secretary's attempts to stop him, a furious george storms into zimmer's office.}
<L>__{interior kinograph studios zimmer's office day}
<D>__{zimmer is in a meeting with some men. they are probably engineers in view of the attention being given to the plans lying on the desk. everyone is surprised by george's rude entry. the engineers seem embarrassed, but zimmer smiles and politely asks them to leave, as though asking for their understanding. as they head for the door, some of them drop their heads so as not to meet george's eyes, whereas others look him right between the eyes but without any love lost. this exchange causes a strange, unpleasant feeling within him. he seems embarrassed. it's perhaps due to the rudeness of his eruption into the office, but it's more likely due to the looks he's been given. for the first time for ages, he has not been looked at how a star is normally looked at with respect, desire and admiration but like any ordinary man is looked at or, worse still, how a superfluous man is looked at. as george realizes that his status has just changed, zimmer invites him to sit down. then speaks to him, in a friendly manner. title card: we belong to another age, you and i, george. nowadays, the world talks. he talks to him, looks a little embarrassed, while george takes it on the chin, not knowing how to respond. title card: people want to see new faces. talking faces. george reaches deep down into himself and makes an effort to bring up a smile. title card: paramount will be delighted. they still want me. zimmer responds with a pursing of the lips that is more damning than any counter argument could be. as though he's telling george he can always give it a go... george understands what's happening. zimmer is sorry. title card: i'm sorry. the public wants fresh blood. and the public is never wrong. george gets to his feet. title card: it's me the people want and it's my films they want to see. and i'm going to give them to them. zimmer nods with another pursing of the lips, as though he can't wait to see that. george seems very sure of himself. title card: i don't need you. go make your talking movies. i'm going to make them a beautiful film! as george leaves in disgust, his eyes are drawn to an advertising feature representing the "new faces of kinograph studios". among the medallion framed young portraits, george recognizes that of peppy miller. he glances up at zimmer. title card: fresh blood... the two men exchange a last glance, then george exits.}
