<L>__{exterior george & doris' house top step night}
<D>__{he opens the door. it's peppy. she immediately notices that george is drunk. her smile tenses a little. title card: i wanted to talk, i... george looks at her. she continues. title card: i saw tears of love. george nods, and answers. title card: and so you've come to get your money back? she smiles stiffly, not knowing how to react. he continues. title card: too much face pulling? she stops smiling because it's not funny at all. it's bitter, even. there's an embarrassed silence. softly, she tries to explain. title card: about last night... she stops because george is not looking at her anymore. he's watching the arrival of the young, smiling, handsome and wholesome man who is with peppy. george bears a melancholy smile. title card: you're right. make way for youth... the young man shakes george's hand. he's obviously a nice lad, and very polite. title card: i'm so happy to meet you. my dad just loves you. he says it very nicely, with no ulterior motive, but george is cut to the quick. the comment wounds him and peppy notices. she cuts short the meeting by smiling and upping the cheerfulness stakes, as though to kid george she hasn't noticed any embarrassment or perceived anything that might have shocked or hurt him during their encounter. title card: ok! well, we'll be off now. i will call you soon. bye! george smiles politely. she leaves, taking the handsome jock with her. george watches them leave. as does his dog, who sits with his head and ears hanging low as though very disappointed. george watches peppy walking away, then steps forwards and sits down on the steps leading up to the house. as she gets into the car, peppy seems surly, unhappy even, for the first time. she turns her back on her companion. title card: take me home. i'd like to be alone. george watches the car leave, then goes and sits on a bench next to the front door. but the bench breaks and george finds himself on the ground next to the dog. george remarks evenly to jack: title card: see, could be it just wasn't my day...}
