<L>__{exterior mexican village day}
<D>__{george is playing zorro. he performs stunt after stunt and the close ups show his devastating smile to its best advantage. in fact, it's an extract from the mark of zorro with douglas fairbanks, into which we'll insert close ups of jean we've shot ourselves.}
<L>__{interior george's house day}
<D>__{the zorro sequence is being screened on a wall in george's apartment. george is watching himself, slumped in an easy chair. his sluggish attitude and listless air are in sharp contrast with the image of himself projected by the film. then the image jumps and goes white. george gets up, still half smashed. his shadow is clearly delineated on the white screen. he sees it, looks it up and down and then starts to look at it sideways. title card: look what you've become... he carries on shouting at it, obviously very annoyed with it. title card: you were very nasty! and stupid! and arrogant! he doesn't even want to look at it anymore. he looks disgusted. suddenly his shadow separates itself from him and moves independently from him. as he shouts at it, it lowers its head and doesn't reply. title card: you acted very badly! you were thoughtless! he carries on as though it's normal until his shadow walks off with its head bowed. he watches it go, trying to understand what's happening, but it's gone and he's still there. he begins to holler. title card: come back! come back here right now!!! totally smashed he starts to violently throw film reels against the wall as he hollers. the cans split open and the film bursts out all over. george is becoming more and more frenzied. the floor is now covered in cans and film. he stops, dripping with sweat. worriedly, he looks around for a moment. then he strikes a match, takes a second to consider what he's about to do and throws the match into the middle of the reels. there's madness in his eyes as he watches the fire take hold. we can see his pleasure at seeing the flames spread. but he's very quickly overrun. the reels burst into flames in an instant and give off lots of smoke. jack is panicking and barks incessantly. suddenly, george seems to lose it. he doesn't know what to do anymore and, although the fire is spreading quite spectacularly around him, he runs to where the reels and films that he has not opened are, and begins throwing them frantically over his shoulder as though he's looking for one in particular. the ever increasing denseness of the smoke, however, is making the task almost impossible. on the floor, below the smoke, jack flees the room and runs off while george suffocates but continues to struggle with the cans of reels.}
