<L>__{interior batmobile on batman}
<A>__{the various robbers have spread out, their vehicles bounding over the hilly terrain of the park. he spots two of them up ahead; as he draws closer, they part ways, veering off to the left and right... angle on batmobile moving pods open on the front fenders, and missile launchers rotate into place. the batmobile fires a pair of heat seeking torpedos, which burrow into the snow on either side and disappear. angle on left snowmobile moving the driver looks back over his shoulder and sees what appears to be a black shark fin plowing through the snow behind him, gaining fast. he takes evasive action, but the shark fin always seems to follow. just as he approaches the crest of a hill... ...the torpedo slams into the rear of the snowmobile. the force of impact knocks the robber cleanly off. his loot lands in the snow beside him, but the snowmobile keeps going sailing over the crest of the hill and striking the rocks beyond with a deafening explosion. angle on right snowmobile moving this robber's a little smarter than his buddy. when he sees the shark fin on his tail, he noses his snowmobile off into a grove of trees. the trees are too closely spaced for the torpedo to maneuver; it strikes the nearest tree trunk and explodes harmlessly. the robber is feeling good about himself, because the batmobile can't follow either. but batman has a plan b. as he drives alongside the grove, he hits the accelerator, passing the snowmobile on its left. a steel spike attached to a cable launches from the side of the batmobile and wedges itself into a distant tree. the cable goes taut, and the tree topples directly into the path of the second snowmobile. the vehicle crashes into the trunk, and the hapless robber goes cartwheeling head over heels into a drift. in the distance, cops appear racing to the scene on foot, ready for mop up duty. batman kills the flamethrower, hits the brakes, and fishtails, doing a quick 180 on the snow. he's just spotted fresh quarry: snowmobiles three and four, whizzing over a rolling white pasture in the distance.}
