<L>__{17. exterior dottie hinkle's suburban house.}
<A>__{dottie hinkle, still angry and occasionally cursing to herself, digs in her prize flower garden out front of her house behind ornamental wishing well on front lawn. subtitle appears: "2:15pm" and then fades out. cut to mom, driving happily by in her station wagon as she waves to dottie. dottie sees mom, tries to look cheerful and waves back. cut back to mom who looks in her rear view mirror, sees she's not being followed and suddenly screeches car into a u turn as mom's "psycho theme" plays on soundtrack mom's face turns to stone as ripple flashback effects dissolve to that fateful day in the mall when mom pulled up to parallel park and dottie hinkle stole her place from behind. ripple effects dissolve to the present as the wheels of mom's car skid to a stop. the car door opens and mom's sensible shoes step out as "mom psycho theme" builds. mom closes car door quietly, watches dottie hinkle up the street undetected and then takes the scissors from her purse and hides them up her sleeve. as mom sneaks up street towards dottie, intercut are obsessional flashbacks of details of the traumatic parking place incident; mom's pov of dottie pulling into space, dottie's maddening nonchalance as she snottily gets out of her car and trots right past mom without the slightest apology, mom's sputtering face paralyzed with anger when she realizes there is nowhere else to park. back in the present, mom starts walking faster and faster as she sees dottie begin to pack up her gardening tools to go back inside her house. arriving just a second too late as dottie closes the door behind her, mom spots a can of gasoline near dottie's lawnmower. thinking fast, mom dumps gas on dottie's mail in the mailbox on porch, lights it on fire and runs from the flames, happily throwing a coin into dottie's wishing well as an afterthought. mom walks as fast as possible back to her car, gets in and pulls off. smiling evily to herself, she drives by and sees dottie hinkle screaming in horror and trying to beat the fire out with a broom.}
