<L>__{interior train station a series of angles day}
<A>__{doc moving like a gun dog on the hunt between the rows of lockers; catching sight of the thief momentarily, he closes in. after a series of criss crossed movements among the banked locker corriders, doc again loses sight of the thief as the slender criminal dodges off onto a main passenger concourse. doc is faster and more agile than the thief, but the station is unfamiliar territory to him. both doc and the thief move carefully, they must not arouse enough attention to make themselves conspicuous, thus risking police interference. the thief hurries along the main concourse weaving between the incoming and departing passengers that dot the long corridor. doc in pursuit down the concourse, he passes several sealed off departure arrival gates. the thief steps off the concourse into gate three, an open stairway winding downward. doc follows his quarry down the stairway to the train area where he immediately skips over the winding ramp and onto the loading platform. emerging from the short tunnel, doc isn't surprised that the thief is again nowhere in sight. doc steps behind a pillar he waits watchfully... after a moment or two, the thief edges out from behind another column and starts back up the platform towards the concourse. doc moves quickly to intercept his opponent but, as the thief spots his approach, he turns and joins several passengers scurrying toward the awaiting train... the flyer stands gleaming at trackside, perpendicular to the boarding gate. two doors to the train stand open, one in the pullman section, the other entrance admitting day coach passengers. carol on the main concourse moving along with the flow of about to depart passengers... the flyer comes into sight, visible on the next level below. the conductor at trackside stands smiling broadly by the coach entrance. he grins at the boarding passengers as he speaks to a nearby brakeman. the thief skirts around a baggage laden elderly couple and moves up the two step and into the rail car passageway. doc moving quickly again. he sees the thief slip past the conductor and into the train. the thief is now inside the day coach. he heads toward the forward compartments. doc expertly squirms through the boarding throng and disappears past the conductor up into the passenger car vestibule.}
<B>__{on the concourse}
<A>__{carol watches as a blondish man in a grey suit skips aboard the flyer standing below. she is unable to get a clear look at the man, and is unsure as to whether or not it was doc. she hesitates, then moves forward to gate three which will take her down to trackside... carol stands at the edge of the gate the last of the crowd having already passed through. she hesitates again, staring down at the shining train.}
