<L>__{exterior boston street. day.}
<A>__{copley square. scott. coming into the square. angle, the open air phone stanchion we saw in the earlier sequence. it is festooned, as before, with ads for escort services and phone sex. angle, on scott, getting, hurriedly, out of a taxi cab, on the outskirts of the square. angle, his pov, scanning the square for anton. scott looks at his watch, and he looks up. angle his pov. the figure of anton, walking from the far side of the square, toward the phone booth. angle, on anton, as he looks around him, and then proceeds toward the phone booth. as scott watches, a van pulls into the plaza, and heads toward anton. anton sees the van, and retreats, toward the streetside, where we see, the van has herded him toward another car. three men get out of the car, one slugs anton, and he is whisked into the car, and the car pulls away. angle, on scott, on the far side of the square, looking on, aghast. angle anton, in the backseat of the car, pointing back, as the car disappears. angle. cu. scott, looking at anton's gesture, and following, looking in the direction in which he was pointing. angle scott's pov. the telephone kiosk. scott walks into his pov, to the kiosk. he looks down at the pile of trash on the shelf. he looks up at the various pornographic ads pasted around the interior. he sees that, stuck in one of them is the "rogers rangers" card, which anton showed him earlier. he pulls it out of the ad to which it is stuck. he looks down at it inquisitively. we read in an insert: "rule #11: don't ever march home the same way. take a different route, so you won't be ambushed." he then sees that there is something else behind the ad. he tears the ad off the kiosk partition, and he is rewarded, as a folded envelope falls out from behind the ad. he picks up the envelope. we see that it is the old yellowed envelope from the beach house. it is printed "hanson marine everything for the boat", and we see, on it, the drawing of the old power boat. we see scott feel the envelope, shake it, tear off the end, and pour something out into his hand. we see his face, and then pan down to see the object in the envelope was the red crescent earring seen in all photographs of laura newton.}
