<L>__{exterior rooftop, dubai. dusk.}
<A>__{scott, on a rooftop, behind a raised elevator housing. scott takes out a pair of binoculars, and scott leans around the elevator housing. angle his pov. across the way, the window, and the ornate scrollwork bars, in which we, earlier, saw the photo takes on laura newton. angle on scott, as he comes back behind cover, and nods to himself, picking up his yellow bag. angle exterior dubai street. scott, walking down the street, beyond him a building with an ornate scrollwork barred gate over its courtyard door. in the courtyard beyond, two mercedes 600's. as scott walks past the trelliswork it begins to open. a delivery truck is ushered through the gate, by an armed guard. scott stops, to let the truck pass. angle his pov. as he turns his head to the side. angle his pov. walking from one outbuilding, across the courtyard, beyond the gate, accompanied by a minder, is laura newton. she is obviously drugged, disoriented, and is held up by the guard. he gets into a conversation with a woman, dressed as a matron, who comes out of the building they have just vacated. and she stands, for an instant, untended. angle on scott, the gate open, as the gate guard ushers through the delivery van, and laura newton stands several yards away. angle xcu, laura newton, as she looks in his direction, and her eyes begin to focus, as if trying to make sense of what she is seeing. angle, her minder, who reacts to a change in her attitude, and looks at her, and, then, follows the direction of her gaze to the gate. angle his pov. the delivery truck coming through the gate, as the gate closes behind it. the street beyond it, empty. angle interior the courtyard. as the delivery truck pulls in, and laura, escorted by her guard, is taken back into the main house. she turns to look back, groggily, wonderingly, at the street, and is pushed into the door. as she does so, we see the delivery truck pull up to the spot she just vacated, and the delivery man gets out and opens a rear door, on which we see scrawled, in the dirt, the "picasso" symbol. angle exterior dubai street corner. scott turns the corner, and gets into a car, driven by jones, which comes to the curb. angle interior the car. in the backseat, scott, another man sitting next to him, smith, dressed as a construction worker. the man starts to speak. and scott shushes him, takes out a notebook and a pencil, and begins to make notes.}
