<L>__{exterior atlantic ocean. day.}
<A>__{truman appears to be losing his fight against the storm, each successive breaker taking its toll on his body, sapping his strength, his bindings the only thing holding him upright, his head slumps, the wheel goes loose in his grasp, spinning out of control. his will, draining away. as he is about to be overcome by the next wave, he thrusts his arm into the handles of the spinning wheel. he cries out in pain at the blow to his forearm but succeeds in halting the wheel. he braces for one last wave. but the wave does not come. a strange phenomenon is occurring in the ocean. a distinct division has appeared in the ocean swell. between the large rolling waves lies a corridor of calmer water, several hundred yards wide, a curious escape lane. the wind and the rain are also subsiding, the darkness lifting. truman steers his vessel down this "sea lane". after some time, several large, dark shapes emerge on the horizon. land? islands? as truman steers towards the nearest shape, he discovers what is behind the peculiar wave formations. it is certainly not the moon. the dark shape is a huge iron roller, only half of which is exposed above the surface of the sea. the ocean swell is being caused by the roller slowly turning, mechanically driven on either end by massive steel arms pumping from the sea bed. in fact there are rollers spaced four hundred yards apart in both directions along the horizon as far as the eye can see, the calm sea lanes formed by the gaps between the rollers. truman's boat is dwarfed by the gigantic machines. the exposed half of each roller, the height of a ten story building, its length equivalent to several football fields. the massive arms perpetually churn. truman's face is thrown into shadow as the boat slips quietly past the giant rotating drum. the water beyond the rollers is dead calm. truman stares ahead desperately trying to focus his eyes. but if the sight of the wave machines was difficult to comprehend, it pales in comparison with the next sight that greets him. his boat is drifting inexorably, on a slow collision course with the sky. that infinitely receding horizon line recedes no more. the sea really does meet the sky. the join is only too apparent. looming above him out of the sea is a cyclorama of colossal dimensions. the sky is nothing but a painted backdrop. truman looks upward, straining his eyes to see the top of the sky, but it curves away at a steep angle beyond his sight. the bow of the boat comes to rest against the sky, bumping gently into its latex surface. truman unties his bindings and stumbles across the deck to the side rail. clinging to the rail with one hand, he tentatively reaches out towards the painted cyclorama. he touches the sky. he feels the surface, puts both terrified hands against it. hie eyes well up with tears. he presses his distraught face into it. he screams at the top of his voice. no words. a primal scream. a pained, animal howl.}
