<L>__{interior restroom night}
<A>__{harry can't answer because mahmoud just entered the room behind him. harry is at one of the urinals, apparently taking a leak. mahmoud goes to the mirror. starts combing his hair. he doesn't much notice the pack of camels sitting on the counter nearby. harry is whistling. shaking himself. harry's pov in the video glasses harry sees himself and mahmoud. yusif comes into the restroom, seemingly ignoring both harry and mahmoud, as if heading for the stalls. as he passes behind harry he reaches into his coat harry spins lightning fast. he knocks away the silenced pistol aimed at the back of his head with a sweeping block, capturing yusif's arm in an arm lock. the shot goes wide, shattering a urinal. harry slams his palm into yusif's face like a piledriver, and spins him against the steel stalls. the silenced pistol goes skittering across the floor. mahmoud whips a pistol out of his waistband. still holding the bear like yusif, harry draws his glock so fast we can barely see him move. blam! blam! blam! three .45 slugs go through mahmoud's chest, shattering the mirror behind him. he flops on his butt, slumping against the wall. yusif, who is easily harry's size, bellows and grabs his gun arm. they smash against the walls, struggling for the gun. yusif, locked to harry, hurls him against the stalls. they hit a locked door, which pops open, banging inward. yusif drives harry to the floor. harry's head is between the shoes of an old guy sitting on the can, who looks down uncomprehendingly at him. yusif slams harry's gun hand repeatedly against the doorframe of the stall. he twists harry's wrist brutally. he even pounds against harry's hand with his knee. the old guy winces. that's got to hurt. harry cries out in pain and the gun drops. yusif reaches for it, but harry kicks it under the stalls. he punches yusif in the face, driving him back. they grapple, spinning. harry drives yusif's head into the counter. then he elbows him in the throat and they crash together on the filthy floor. harry grabs yusif's hair and pounds his face repeatedly against the rim of a urinal. in case you haven't noticed, this is a messy, nasty fight. survival is like that. yusif sags into submission. harry pulls a nylon zip strip out of his pocket and uses it like hand cuffs, securing yusif's wrists.}
