<T>__{cut to:}
<L>__{interior national gallery. corridor day}
<A>__{bean rounds a corner and walks towards us, imitating a bowlegged cowboy. the theme from bonanza plays. he whips out his pair of imaginary six shooters, spins them on his fingers and returns them to their imaginary holsters, making gun sound effects. he's very happy. he passes the security guard he draws his gun on him zero reaction the guard just raises his eyebrows and yawns. bean heads on through the gallery merrily but suddenly, his good mood is broken, when he notices 3 schoolgirls entering a new exhibition, called the ultra human form. this worries him and we soon see why bean heads in to the room where all the paintings are very graphic nudes, and the 3 girls are having a good giggle. bean quickly rushes over and with his hand covers the breasts of the painting they're inspecting. two girls then move on to the next painting which unfortunately also has breasts. bean stretches and just manages to cover them with his other hand. now the third girl heads on, so bean can drop the hand on the first painting but now has to try to cover the breasts on the third painting, which is a real long stretch away. he can't quite make it, so he takes off his shoes, which gives him the extra 3 inches. again, safe. just. now, all three girls leave the paintings but, to bean's chagrin, head over to a classical nude sculpture in the middle of the room. it's like the 3 graces, 3 naked women back to back. bean thinks fast. he quickly whips off his belt and rushes over to the statue, where he succeeds in looping it round to cover all six nipples. unfortunately the girls have already lost interest and head over to the other side of the gallery. to bean's horror. because at that moment we reveal what is on the other side of the room. a epic painting in the style of the others with literally 40 graphically naked people. bean sprints across the room, stands on a chair, and desperately tries to cover a particularly lurid example of a gentleman's manhood. at which moment the teacher of the party and 40 other schoolgirls appear and scream in chorus. bean thinks that it is the painting that has caused offence and is in outraged agreement with them. he turns. cut wide to reveal that they are screaming because he's beltless trousers have fallen down.}
