<L>__{exterior texas streets interior texas stores day}
<A>__{the bride drives buck's big, yellow pussy wagon all over el paso buying supplies. we follow her bare feet into a clothing store. her feet, legs, and ass slip into a new pair of levi's. her hands grab a pair of cherry brown cowboy boots. then slips on the cowboy boots. chooses another top. and finds a warm jacket. she opens buck's "big el paso pimpin" wallet, and pays for the items. she emerges from the store wearing her new outfit, and climbs back in the truck. she drives, stopping at a department store, and walking inside. she picks up a shovel, a hand pickaxe, a big camping flashlight, a map of texas, a writing notebook, and a bunch of red and black felt pens. while the bride is buying items in the department store we'll}
<B>__{crosscut....}
<A>__{....with her driving the pussy wagon up to a low rent motel called, "the texican".... ...her registering with the old bastard of a desk clerk, getting the key, and paying him out of the "big el paso pimpin" wallet.... ...her drawing a bath in the bathroom of the motel room... shampoo is taken off the shelf of the department store... ...conditioner... ...a bar of soap... ...hot water runs out of the bathtub faucet... ...steam rises off the hot bathwater... ...she pulls down a bunch of bath products, like bubble bath, salts, apricot this kiwi that, we see her pour all the items in the bathwater... ...then we see her bare foot enter the bathwater... ...then lower her whole body into the bathwater... ...now submerged in the warm bathwater, by herself, perfect music cue on soundtrack, she begins to cry...her poor heart has been shattered and five years of tears come flooding out of her. she cries for her baby... she cries for the motherhood robbed from her... she cries for all the innocent people at the wedding chapel, who died simply because they were unlucky enough to cross her path... she cries for the betrayal at the hands of her lover... she cries for the treachery at the hands of her comrades... she cries for the five years of life snatched from her... she cries for the countless violations she endured while incapacitated... and finally, she cries for all the misery she will cause the undeserving......enroute to bill's retribution. retribution that begins the minute she steps out of this bathtub. she curls up into a fetal position inside the tub of warm water...weeping. we dolly back...to give our heroine some privacy...we}
