<L>__{86, 87, 88...}
<A>__{then the elevator stops, the doors open, looking down a dark corridor. the puppet is at the end. it turns to face him, suddenly races forward, a horrible high pitched shriek from its mechanical voice box. white stabs the buttons of the elevator frantically, the doors won't close. the puppet is upon him. he jumps, straight up. it goes under him, crashing into the back of the elevator. white hits the down button one last time, and leaps out of the compartment as the doors close. a mechanical extendible arm shoots out and grabs white around the ankle. drags him across floor. the puppet shrieks wildly again, as... its arm is jammed in the closing doors now. lift descends. the puppet squeals. the arm snaps off. white stands, pulls dislocated arm off his ankle. he can hear the elevator descending. suddenly it stops starts returning to his floor. white turns and runs again. the lift doors burst open the enraged creature emerges and races after him. he tears around a corner finds himself in a dead end. nowhere to go. he can hear the puppet approaching along the corridor. suddenly he notice a grill on a wall above his head. he pulls it off, climbs into an incredibly tight pipe. crawls frantically. he sees a light ahead. an opening. he kicks the grill off. a sudden gust of wind.}
<B>__{his p.o.v.}
<A>__{the pipe leads to the outside of the building nowhere to go except a hundred stories straight down. he screams, almost falls. turns to start crawling back. suddenly the end of the pipe fills with whirring metal blades. the puppet has followed him in and is advancing. no choice he looks out the hole. sees a pipe on the outside of the building, running vertically near the opening. it looks impossible but it's his only chance. he climbs out, balancing himself on the lip of the opening, reaches for the pipe. the puppet is almost upon him. he swings across, gets a hand on the pipe. he slips, dangles holding on one hand on the pipe, one on the edge of the hole. the pipe is greasy, slippery, can't grip it. suddenly he hears a mechanical clicking turns to see the puppet standing on the edge of the hole, inches from his hand. a soft noise reverberates in its voice box a mechanical giggle? a circular blade on one of its arms starts up, moves down onto white's hand. tight on his eyes sweat beads and runs down his forehead. tight on the blade as it cuts into flesh. blood spatters white's face as he grimaces with intense pain. he can't hold on. he falls, plummets through space. screaming.}
