<L>__{interior gina's bedroom night}
<A>__{gina sits on her bed in her night clothes. she holds a deck of cards in one hand while she plays solitaire on her bed sheets. she flips a card from her deck: a black nine. she puts it on top of a ten. another card. queen of diamonds. she lays it on top of a king of clubs. gina yawns. takes another card. it's the freddy of spades. gina frowns. freddy krueger's image stares up at her from the card. she looks at her stacks. there's no place to put this one. she starts flipping through the deck of cards, trying to see if there are any more freddys. that's when a hand rips up through the bed and grabs her arm. gina screams, pulls away from the hand's grip and jumps back up on the bed. and another hand shoots up from a pillow and grabs her shoulder. gina twists. rip. tear. grab. more hands appear out of the mattress, lunging for any part of gina's body as she shrieks from their touch. and gina jumps out of bed. she leaps to the other side of the room, bumping against her dresser drawers. turns to her bed. swoop. the multiple hands disappear down into the mattress. there is a quiet beat as she catches her shivering breath. then a half dozen arms and hands pop out from the drawers next to her. latching indiscriminately. some grabbing her legs and arms. some grabbing more intimate parts. gina screams. pulls away from the dresser. yanks a few drawers out as the hands vanish and she spins over to another wall. where the wall erupts with outreaching arms all around her. two grab her hair. three on each arm. her legs are pinned. gina shrieks and yells and flays her arms. beating the hands with her fists as two grabs her breasts viciously. she starts kicking as one particularly perverse hand burnt and scarred, pops out between her legs. aiming right for her crotch and in an incredible show of strength, the girl pulls away from the horde. gina heads for the door. crash. hands blast up from the wood floor. she leaps around them. crash. more hands try to block her way. gina jumps around like she's in a mine field made of hot coals. she finally reaches to door and flings it open.}
