<L>__{117b interior stone shipanti day117b}
<C>__{dream girl's voice}
<D>__{i'm here sam. don't give up.}
<A>__{sam is pushing thru the grey prisoners. the light from the crack shafts across the space in which they find themselves imprisoned, striking the opposite wall. there in the bright pool of light are sam's wings beautiful, shimmering silver... but, nailed to a large stone cruciform like a crucified eagle. sam rushes towards them and begins to pull them loose, but before he can, a great cracking noise reverberates thru the ship and a black shadow falls across sam and the wings. looking round he saees the inner wall has split open to the level of the floor but, blocking the opening is the giant samurai warrior. sam draws his sword and rushes toward the giant. the giant stands ominously still. then very slowly he raises his spear in front of himself in an almost religious gesture. poof! he vanishes! sam is confused. suddenly a prisoner shouts a warning and sam spins round just in time to avoid a slash of the spear by the gigantic warrior who is now standing directly behind him. sam parries a couple more thrusts of the spear and then strikes with his sword. at thin air! the giant has vanished again. sam can't figure it out. but he hears something whoosh and instinctively dodges as the giant who is once again behind him brings the spear crashing down. again sam manages a few parries as he is forced backwards. he trips and falls to the ground. the spear goes into the ground. before the giant can wrench the spear loose, sam slashes at him with his sword. but again the giant disappears. sam spins around. the giant is a short distance from him. sam rushes him. again he vanishes. this time he reappears next to the spear and tries to free it. but sam attacks again and the giant is forced to do his vanishing act before he can recover the spear. sam is becoming exasperated with his behaviour, and as the giant reappears he shouts at him to hold still, at the same time throwing his sword at the big fellow. the sword pins the giant's foot to the ground before he can disappear. instead of blood pouring from the wound, fire issues forth. sam takes advantage of the situation and manages to wrench the spear from the ground. the giant is unable to escape as sam charges, but manages to dodge a bit. however the spear catches his arm and opens a gash. again fire pours out. as the big guy tries to stop the fire, sam charges again. this time he succeeds in striking dead centre. the giant gasps as fire gushes from his chest. he staggers and crashes to the ground. the wounds continue to bleed fire. sam gets his breath back and approaches the fallen warrior. reaching down he removed the giant's mask. fire rushes forth from all the facial orifices. but the thing that makes him catch his breath is the face itself. it's his ... sam's! while he stares in amazement the fire begins to melt the face. in a moment it is unrecognizable. sam stands there stunned. somewhere in the distance a bell tolls.}
