<L>__{exterior tipoca city, kamino landing platform (rainstorm) day}
<A>__{jango fett picks up a case and swings it up to boba fett, who stows it inside the ship. jango fett picks up another case and is about to swing it, when:}
<C>__{boba fett}
<D>__{dad!!}
<A>__{jango fett turns to see obi wan charging out of the tower toward him. as he runs, obi wan draws his lightsaber from his belt. it flashes on. jango fett draws his gun and fires at the charging jedi. obi wan deflects the blast and swings at jango fett. the bounty hunter rockets up and over obi wan, landing behind him. he fires a thin wire from his wrist pack, trying to entangle the jedi. jango fett fire several kamino kyber darts from his elbow launcher. obi wan deflects them back at jango fett, but they strike harmlessly against the bounty hunter's armour. in the cockpit of jango fett's ship, boba fett grabs the controls of a laser gun and swings it to aim at obi wan. outside, in the driving rain, obi wan and jango fett circle each other, sizing each other up feinting. in the cockpit, each time boba fett is ready to fire, jango fett blocks his view of obi wan. outside, obi wan makes a sudden attack, swinging at jango fett, who deflects the blows. one slices off a piece of the bounty hunter's shoulder plate. jango fett rockets into the air and hovers above obi wan. the jedi spins as: in the cockpit, boba fett fires. outside, the laser shell streaks past obi wan to strike the edge of the tower. jango fett fires down at obi wan. the jedi deflects the shots back, but jango fett evades them. then he swoops down, swinging around obi wan. as he shoots past, he kicks the lightsaber out of the jedi's hand. the lightsaber skids across the wet surface of the landing platform. obi wan dives after it. jango fett zooms in front of him and grabs the lightsaber. obi wan punches it out of his hand. in the cockpit, boba fett watches as: outside, obi wan and jango fett grapple and fight, punching, kicking, grabbing hold, and throwing each other around. obi wan grabs jango fett tightly, and jango fett rockets up into the air and kicks obi wan loose. obi wan crashes to the deck and slides toward the edge. he grapples desperately for a handhold on the slick surface. jango fett rockets down to kick at him. obi wan hauls himself up. jango fett zooms to the far side of the platform. obi wan uses jedi powers to pull part of the structure loose. it hits jango fett, who loses his balance, teetering on the edge. obi wan charges acress, dives, and grabs hold of jango fett just as he falls over the edge. locked together, obi wan and jango fett plummet down toward the raging ocean. at the last moment, jango fett fires a cable out of his backpack that shoots upward and locks onto a metal strut on the underside of the platform. obi wan and jango fett swing and crash onto one of the stilts. obi wan is knocked clear and drops onto a small service platform just above the waves. he hauls himself to his feet. jango fett hovers in mid air opposite him, as a huge wave crashes over obi wan. when it subsides, the jedi has disappeared. jango fett rockets up to the landing platform, where he drops down beside his ship. he clambers inside the cockpit and settles into the pilot's seat. he punches buttons. the engines roar. outside, jango fett's ship lifts off from the platform and heads up into the lowering sky. it disappears. lightning flashes. rain lashes the tower and streams across the surface of the platform, to where: a hand suddenlt clutches at the very edge of the platform. a moment later, another hand grabs hold.}
