<B>__{a p o c a l y p s e n o w}
<A>__{original screenplay by john milius. inspired by joseph conrad's "heart of darkness". this draft by francis ford coppola. december 3, 1975.}
<L>__{1 primeval swamp early dawn}
<A>__{it is very early in the dawn blue light filters through the jungle and across a foul swamp. a mist clings to the trees. this could be the jungle of a million years ago. our view moves closer, through the mist, tilting down to the tepid water. a small bubble rises to the surface; then another. suddenly, but quietly, a form begins to emerge; a helmet. water and mud pour off revealing a set of beady eyes just above the mud. printed on a helmet, in a psychedelic hand, are the words: "gook killer." the head emerges revealing that the tough looking soldier beneath has exceptionally long hair and beard; he has no shirt on, only bandoliers of ammunition his body is painted in an odd camouflage pattern. he looks to the right; he looks to the left; he looks into camera, and slowly sinks back into the swamp, disapperaring completely. our view holds, we begin to hear natural, though unrecognizable jungle sounds, far off in the distance. we pan to reveal a clump of logs half submerged in the swamp; and part of what seems to be a falstaff beer can in the mud. a hand reaches out, and the beer can disappears. as we tilt up, we notice that the log is hollow and houses the rear of a m 60 machine gun, hand painted in a paisley design. now the view moves away, across the ancient growth, past the glimmer of what seems to be another soldier hiding in ambush, wearing an exotic hat made from birds and bushes. across to a dark trail where the legs of those in black pajamas move silently across our ever tightening view. their feet, boots and sandals leave no impression; make no sound. a slight flicker of light reveals a pair of eyes in the foliage across the path, waiting and watching. the view pushes along with the vietnamese, moving faster and faster with them, until suddenly, directly in front about ten feet away, an enormous american clad in rags and bushes and holding a 12 gauge automatic shotgun casually at his side, steps in front of them. he smiles laconically, and blasts out five shots that rip through us. by the second shot, the whole jungle blazes out with automatic fire. out view turns as the men around us are thrown and torn, screaming and scattering into the jungle. more americans appear; unexplainably, out of the growth. it is now that we fully see the bizarre manner in which they are dressed. some wear helmets, others wear strange hats made from feathers and parts of animals. some of them have long savage looking hair; other crew cut or completely shaved; they wear bandoliers, flak jackets, shorts and little else. they wear montagnard sandals or no shoes at all, and their bodies and faces are painted in bizarre camouflage patterns. they appear one with the jungle and mist, firing into us as they move. the soldier we saw earlier emerges from the swamp, dripping mud, his machine gun blasting fire. we begin to move quickly with one vietnamese, breathlessly running for his life; we move into the jungle with him, only to be impaled on a large spear of a smiling american painted and wearing feathers like an indian. our view falls with him to the ground, staring upwards, as flame and exploding mud scatter above us. men scream and die around us. the screams amid the gunfire and explosions are piercing and terrible, as though the jungle itself is frightened. an american wearing a jungle hat with a large peace sign on it, wearing war paint, bends toward us, reaching down toward us with a large knife, preparing to scalp the dead. our view moves away, along with the running sandals of a vietnamese soldier, moving faster and faster, only to be stopped by still another of the savage looking americans with primitive ornamentation, wearing only a loin cloth and green beret. he opens his flame thrower directly on us and the nva soldier and we are incinerated in flame, bright psychedelic orange red flame. outrageous, loud, electric rock music overwhelms the soundtrack : main title : apocalypse now}
