<T>__{cut:}
<A>__{maniacal laughter before dawn seeming to emanate from pitch blackness but then suddenly, fast, out of a tunnel under a bridge come running three terrified vagrants, roused from slumber and scared out their wits by the ghastly, crazed cackling chasing after them, echoing under the arches. they're at the river's edge, all running wildly, slipping and stumbling, every man for himself, as they desperately try to escape from whatever madness is closing in behind them. now from out of the tunnel appears their pursuer, seen only from the back, literally shaking with insane, involuntary, howling laughter. a horrific human hyena, far further gone than the sad wretches he's cornered here on this foul, moss covered ledge in the cold wind. seeing him, the vagrants freeze in their various positions then turn in panic to flee again as he starts after them, moving like an animal, a killer predator, laughing horribly as he goes. the first vagrant, propelled by fright, manages to make a stunning leap up a wall to grab onto some overhanging chains and pull himself up. the second vagrant finds himself trapped at the edge of the ledge with the laughing man choosing him as the one to go after first. he turns and jumps into the river. the laughing man, face still unseen, turns toward the climbing vagrant instead who clambers over the top just in time as the laughing man's fingernails claw the moldy wall beneath him. the third vagrant has made it to some steps, and down them glancing back to see the laughing man coming after him to the small patch of muddy beach at the bottom, grey river water lapping at his ragged shoes. he doesn't know what to do he doesn't know how to swim! the laughing man is running down the steps now. the vagrant starts wading out into the water, crying out in fear as the howls behind him come closer and closer he throws himself forward, splashing vainly and feels the laughing man grabbing his ankles, pulling him back. the vagrant's screams join the laughing man's insane giggles as they thrash around violently in the water. the laughing man drags the vagrant back to the beach, then back up the steps, the vagrant struggling helplessly, his head banging from step to step, his hands flailing around but finding nothing to clutch onto, his screaming going unheeded in this lonely part of the sleeping city. the laughing man drags him on, back to the slippery ledge and along it, dragging the vagrant on his back through a filthy sewer alongside the wall, the vagrant's cries choked by the stagnant water, but continuing as the laughing man drags him back into the dark tunnel, under the bridge, the two of them disappearing into the blackness again, their combined shrieking louder than ever as it echoes horribly around the damp stone, then dimming as they go deeper and further away, unseen, until the screaming and the laughter can no longer be distinguished.}
