<L>__{exterior riding arena later that morning}
<A>__{annie and grace are standing by the arena fence. frank, joe and the twins are sitting on the fence rail. joe is holding a saddle and a bridle, standing in some shadows in an empty arena. pilgrim comes running into the ring. out of habit, he starts circling the ring. he sees tom holding a saddle. pilgrim walks towards him. curious, he stops, looking at him. tom puts the saddle down, sitting crossways on it. pilgrim walks towards him again. he stops, looking at tom again. tom just sits there, playing with the bridle. pilgrim walks around him. tom doesn't show him any interest. pilgrim comes closer. he looks at the saddle. he runs off. he stops, looking back. tom just sits. pilgrim walks back over. tom stands and shows him the bridle. pilgrim comes closer, sniffing it. he rubs his nose against the leather. tom pats his head. then, in one quick, but deft motion, he puts the bridle on him. pilgrim tosses his head, but it doesn't seem to bother him. grace and annie watch intently. tom takes the reins, walking pilgrim around the ring. he walks him to the saddle. pilgrim paws at it with his hoof. he turns and runs off. tom lets him go. pilgrim runs around the ring, slows down, looks over at tom. tom picks up the saddle. pilgrim, cautiously, comes back over. tom, with the saddle, walks away from him. pilgrim, again curious, follows him. he nudges tom. tom stops. pilgrim comes around to take a good look at the saddle. tom rubs his back. and gently, like laying down a sheet, puts the saddle on his back. pilgrim shuffles slightly at the touch. tom quickly cinches it. taking up the reins, he walks pilgrim around the ring again. he starts to jog. pilgrim jogs with him. and in the middle of the jog, tom grabs onto the saddle horn, and without breaking his stride, pulls himself back up onto his back. he lays across the saddle, letting pilgrim feel his weight. he sits up, and without letting him break his stride, he urges pilgrim with his thighs, keeping him in the jog, riding around the ring. grace and annie cheer. tom tips his hat to them...}
