<L>__{interior hallway. night.}
<A>__{marge, knocked flying by nancy's charge, hits the floor hard, knocking the wind out of herself. nancy sees what she's done, jumps over the body and slams the door and throws the new bolt home. next instant she gingerly ties a string to the door's knob, a string that trails down from the ceiling, attached to something up there that's still just barely out of sight. next instant she's dragging her mother towards the woman's bedroom as fast as she can. krueger is already splintering the doorway behind her as nancy dips and makes it into marge's room, slamming the door behind her and locking it in a flash. the maniac breaks the bolt and rips open the door. but the in the very act of doing this he of course unknowingly pulls the string attached to the outside doorknob with terrific force. close angle on the ceiling. the string jerks against a single edged razor, which in turn cuts a tight wind of cord holding a heavy wedge of steel to the ceiling. wider as the thing falls free, pivoting at the hinge at the far end of its handle, and drives straight into krueger's groin with a terrific blow. as he catapaults backwards with an incredulous shriek, the twenty pound sledge hammer swings back and reveals to camera just what it is! angle down on krueger, clawwing his way up despite his agony, lurching and cursing forward like an enraged bull. wider angle in the hallway as krueger roars out only to immediately strike the length of wire strung across the hallway, catching it just above the thigh. he cartwheels head over heels and lands flat on his back! instantly the door to nancy's mother's bedroom flies open and nancy brings a brass lamp down over krueger's head with all her might! it sounds like a line drive caroming off a metal flagpole. nancy slams the door as krueger struggles up, clutching his head. enraged, the huge man crashes against the door with terrific force, and rears back and starts smashing against the door like the utter homicidal lunatic that he is.}
