<L>__{exterior resurrection city day}
<A>__{a few minutes later. picard and beverly carrying cochrane down the street toward the hospital at the end. as they walk along, we get our first taste of post apocalyptic 21st century life: this is a recognizable american community, but it's definitely a futuristic town. clothing, architecture, technology all have changed over the course of seventy years. but it is a broken future. what used to be high tech public computer terminals are rusted and abandoned. we can see the corroded hulks of hover cars lying idle in the streets. futuristic elements now useless. at one point, they pass a large polyurethane tent the inside surface is covered with condensation and we can see the silhouettes of people moving within. the entrance is guarded by a single militia guard. later we will learn that this is a primitive greenhouse, the only place where they can grow uncontaminated food. what used to be a mcdonald's, or some other recognizable food chain, has now been gutted and has been turned into a kind of blacksmith shop. people are fashioning metal into various tools using hammer and tongs. the sidewalks are populated with people, who congregate in small groups, quietly talking amongst themselves, others just staring vacantly off into space. many of them have visible burn scars and damage to their bodies victims of the war and post nuclear environmental dangers. a few of them are applying a special lotion to their arms and face protection against the toxic elements. a long food line snakes around a block, as people line up to get their daily rations. a few people glance up at picard and beverly with curious or suspicious looks. this is not a community that welcomes strangers. at one point, they see a man dressed in futuristic camouflage carrying an automatic weapon we will learn he's a militia soldier. he stares at them with a neutral expression, then walks off. the people here have that hollow eyed, listless look about them. they're going through something that makes the great depression look like a minor inconvenience. but there's also a toughness to these people, a resilience and determination to survive in the face of overwhelming odds. we are looking at our future... and it's on the verge of collapse.}
