<L>__{interior laundry room night}
<A>__{a bar of laundry soap props open the window of the laundry room. the presence of the wounded parasite is indicated only by the glistening slime trail which streaks the section of wall immediately below the window. the hand of an old woman, puckered and wrinkled from many hours submerged in hot soapy water, reaches up, and yanks the bar of soap out of the jaws of the window. the window swing shut. the woman's hand slides the bolt home, locking the window from the inside. the old woman is short, dumpy, puffy faced, in her late sixties. her hair is carelessly tied in a bun on top of her head. she sniffles, shakes her head, turns away from the window, and walks across the room to the long bank of washers and dryers. as she walks she has to thread her way among the dozen or so shopping bags full of dirty laundry against apartment regulations, she takes in outsiders' laundry which she has brought down the elevator with her. she flips open the top of the first washer and begins to dig clothes out of the nearest shopping bag. from above and behind the washer, we watch her fill the machine and reach into the front of her dress, which is black and frayed. after feeling around for a few seconds, she pulls out a plastic bag filled with white granulated detergent. she dumps some of this into the washer, finds the appropriate coins in the pocket of her dress, and starts the machine. she watches it for a second to make sure it's working properly, then puts the plastic bag back where she found it. she picks up the bag she has almost emptied and shuffles in her ragged slippers to the next washer. she stops in front of it and puts down the bag. the old woman notices a slimy streak near the open hole of the washer. she grimaces, grabs a sock from the bag and cleans off the top of the washer with it. she tosses the sock into the washer and leans over the hole, trying to see inside. the parasite which has been lurking in the washer suddenly springs from the opening on to the old woman's face, suckering on to her flesh with its stubby tentacles. she shrieks and grabs at the creature with both hands, trying to pull it off. she stumbles back from the washer and begins to trip over various shopping bags. finally she goes down amidst her laundry, thrashing and spilling clothes out everywhere.}
