<L>__{interior betts' apartment night}
<A>__{in her dining room, betts mixes herself a drink and checks her watch. she takes a sip, then goes into the bathroom and bends over the bathtub, having balanced her drink on the edge of the tub. from inside the drain of the tub we see betts place the plug in the plughole. betts turns on the water, adjusting the proportion of hot to cold until she gets it exactly the way she wants it, then gets undressed. she wraps a thick and colorful towel around her and goes out to the living room with her drink in hand. in the living room, she arranges her photos in a new order, props them up against the sofa, changes them around again. back in the bathroom, betts checks the temperature of the water by swishing her hand around in it. the water drums heavily on the floor of the tub. betts puts her drink on the edge of the tub and turns the water off. she now drops her towel on to the bathmat and steps into the tub. she reaches over the edge of the tub to straighten her sandals on the bathmat, then picks up her drink and stretches back. she takes a big slug of her drink. her toes curl in pleasure. the drain plug begins to jerk and twitch, as though something were trying to push it out from inside the drain. betts sinks down in the water until her hair, short as it is, begins to float a bit. the drain plug begins to jerk more and more violently until it is pushed right out of its plug hole. the water begins to run out of the drain, but only in a slight trickle the drain pipe is blocked by a soft, spongy body. betts rolls her head back and forth across the back of the tub, smiling, relaxed, enjoying the sensation. one of the parasite's stubby tentacles slowly appears, probing out of the drain hole. then another appears, then another. betts puts down her drink on the tub's edge and reaches for the soap and washcloth. her eyes are half closed and a smile still flickers about her lips. the sound of water suddenly rushing out of the drain in volume rouses betts out of her reverie. she sits up and looks down toward the plug end of the tub. the parasite is crawling toward her up the middle of the tub, almost touching her legs, which are pressed together against one side of the tub. the water is becoming pink with the blood that diffuses through it. betts' mouth opens slowly and her eyes are wide. her reactions are obviously being confused by the drinks she has recently had. under the water, now very shallow, the parasite's tentacles touch betts's thighs. betts tries to scream but can't. the parasite suckers its way between betts' thighs. she screams a silent scream in the tub, her mouth wide open, her head rolling from side to side. the only sounds are the thrashing of her legs in the water and the gurgle of the drain. with a spasm that shakes her whole body, betts throws her arms wide and knocks her glass off the edge of the tub and on to the tiles of the bathroom floor. the glass shatters. after a moment or two of further silent struggle, betts arches her back, then falls into a semi conscious stupor, slumping motionless in the tub.}
