<T>__{later:}
<A>__{watts is awakened by a beeping alarm. she looks at her wrist. her suit flashes an oxygen warning: 20 minutes remaining. she looks up. the juggernaut's doors are wide open in front of her. the ultramorph alien emerges from the juggernaut. as large as a man already. it sees her. with a sob of terror she pulls herself to her feet and runs.}
<L>__{exterior magellan crash site dusk}
<A>__{watts flees through the storm, across the burning debris field. a wilderness of lightning, fire, and twisted metal. a thunderstorm with dust instead of rain. she looks back through the darkness. in a strobe light flicker of lightning, she sees a gray demon approaching through the wreckage. she scrambles through a section of ductwork...under a hull fragment...running and clambering... the alien hunts her, cat and mouse, among the fragments of the magellan: corridors that go nowhere, shattered compartments. jetsam. her eyes sweep frantically through the stormy night: searching for a weapon. a hiding place. an answer. she stumbles into the remains of the magellan's laboratory. a hypersleep freezer lies on the barren ground. watts climbs inside. pulls the lid shut. the alien passes by, inches away. she watches it through the plexiglass, holding her breath. the alien roots in the wreckage. finds the rotting engineer's head among the shards of its vat. it begins to feed on the head growing as she watches. her suit's oxygen alarm goes off again. 15 minutes remaining. the beeping draws the alien away from its dead meat. watts is paralyzed. the alien noses closer. sniffs at the plexiglass case. with sudden, horrific violence, it lashes out. sends the freezer flying. watts tumbles out. lurches to her feet and runs. the alien follows. ravening. she leads it a twisting chase through fragments of burning metal. watts trips and falls hard. picking herself up, she sees she's tripped over a hull saw the same diamond bladed tool david used to dismantle the terraforming engine. she seizes the saw straining to manage its weight. hides in the hollow of a massive girder. the alien passes by. scenting the air. she freezes. her arms trembling with the weight of the saw. waiting for it to pass. almost it leaves. but a tiny rattle of metal from the quivering saw brings it back. out of options, watts powers up the saw. the blade whines up to speed. they lunge at one another in the same moment. the diamond blade shears off one of the alien's claws. the monster screams and recoils. its lashing tail sends watts sprawling. she loses the saw. the alien comes after her, slinking low to the ground, injured arm tucked to its chest. all vengeful fury. watts scrambles for the saw. the alien leaps for her. she rolls aside and like a scorpion the alien impales her thigh with its spear tipped tail. nails her to the ground. watts screams in agony. reaches for the saw, still buzzing on the ground. its grip tantalizing inches from her fingertips. the alien stoops over her, slavering face inches from her faceplate. its hideous jaws open. with all her strength, watts pulls against the spike in her leg. drags the point of the spear through the dirt. excruciating pain. she snarls through her teeth. the alien strikes just as watts grabs the saw. she meets the alien's head with the buzzing blade. impales the alien's skull. a gout of green acid onto watts's helmet. the alien falls aside, thrashing its death throes, the saw still growling. watts sees acid coming through her helmet fast. with frantic haste she unlatches her helmet. wrenches it off as it crumples and melts. she stands bare headed in the toxic air. desperate, she looks around with tearing eyes. in the distance she sees an intact module of the magellan. she runs for it. slaps the door switch. incredibly, it opens.}
