<L>__{exterior prison yard full shot day}
<A>__{we see now that helmut on his side of the fence is performing for the children on the other side of the menacing barbed wire fence. behind him, also at a safe distance because they still aren't certain of the official reaction to all of this, a number of his fellow political prisoners are watching his antics. but, in spite of his talk about the importance of playing to the adults it is the children that helmut plays to and it is for their laughter that he listens. the camera moves in to med. full shot helmut and we see that he has used the chalk to whiten his face. with charcoal he has blackened his eyebrows, formed a wide black mouth and drawn lines down over his eyelids to his cheekbones, giving him the appearance of a clown at once sad and happy. at the moment he is coatless, but franz's coast lies nearby on the ground. for the stunt he is doing now helmut carries the remains of an old broom and a piece of cardboard. he is trying to sweep a small heap of dirt he has gathered onto the cardboard, but each time he tries, the dirt goes over the cardboard and he must sweep it into a pile again. after a few attempts he feigns exasperation and ponders the problem. inspiration comes. he sweeps the dirt into a pile again, bends over and very carefully sweeps it into the front of one of his shoes, holding up the split top to let it in. this accomplished, he is very proud of himself, but when he tries to take a step, some of the dirt comes out. frustrated, he ponders again, and again has an inspiration. he removes the shoe and puts it under his arm. but as he walks away with it, all the dirt slides out through the open toe. the children roar with delight. close shot little girl she is a flaxen haired youngster of about five who holds a weathered rag doll as she jumps up and down for sheer joy at helmut's performance. close shot little boy he is a completely delighted boy of perhaps seven. each time helmut does something he particularly enjoys he hugs himself and spins around. close shot brother and sister the girl is no more than four; the boy about eight. he clings to her hand as they watch helmut, unsmiling, perhaps not understanding. the boy looks at his sister, and a tiny smile tugs at her mouth. the boy smiles back. the girl giggles. the boy laughs outright. they have re discovered happiness. they look back at helmut, both laughing. close shot sisters the older girl is ten or eleven; her sister five or six, tugs at her arm, and the older girl bends down to her. the younger girl whispers to her, pointing to helmut, and the older girl picks her up. the little one puts her arms tightly around her sister's neck. both laugh merrily. med. full shot helmut he is putting on franz's too small jacket. he tries to button it, but it won't go around him. he sucks in his belly, but then his pants begin to slip, and he grabs at them with an embarrassed look at the laughing children. deciding that the only way to button the coat is to hunch his shoulders, he tries that, but now his shoulders must remain hunched. he manages to pick up the broom and puts it over his shoulder, playing soldier. but when he tries to snap to attention, the coat pops open again, bringing another roar of laughter from helmut's audience. now he marches a few steps toward the camera, stops, snappily puts the rifle down at rest position and salutes knocking himself flat. another roar of laughter. as it swells, we pan shot jewish prisoners the laughter o.s. continues to swell as the camera pans across the faces of the adult jewish prisoners huddled near their huts. they smile, fearfully at first, then break into timorous laughter. aryan prisoners pan shot as the laughter swells even more, the camera moves over the faces of the political prisoners on helmut's side of the camp. they, too, are laughing some tolerantly; some at helmut rather than with him, but they are laughing. as the laughter continues to swell, the camera pans over to yard guard. he is trying very hard not to laugh. the result is a self conscious giggle. as the laughter grows even louder, the camera pans as though wafted on the waves of laughter, up to a guardtower, and we see two rifle armed soldiers in the tower watching the performance below them. they gesture in helmut's direction and laugh. the camera continues to pan over to the administration building and up to an open window on the second floor.}
