<T>__{in a single cut :}
<A>__{the crowd has disappeared, and the waynes are walking toward us up a deserted street. thomas and martha are laughing, making jokes, reaching down to tousle bruce's hair. their faces, as they draw closer, are full of joy. and then, without warning a handgun enters frame. the waynes freeze in their tracks. thomas steps protectively in front of his wife, reaches for his wallet, begins unbuckling his watch. he won't put up a fight. martha's hand goes involuntarily to the pearl necklace at her throat. the gunman sees it, gestures for her to hand it over. but martha is paralyzed, afraid to move. the gunman steps past thomas, snatches at the necklace. the instant his wife is threatened, thomas attacks. the pearl strand breaks in the gunman's hand as he drops toward the sidewalk. a silent burst of flame erupts from the muzzle of the gun. thomas crumples. martha emits a piercing shriek a shriek we cannot hear a shriek cut short by a second burst of flame. bruce stands paralyzed in shock. the gunman scoops a handful of pearls off the sidewalk, reaches for martha's purse, and rises slowly his gun levelled directly at the boy. almost catatonic, bruce stares down at the corpses of his parents. at their hands, somehow intertwined. at the tiny glinting pearls and the spreading pool of blood around them. he looks up with a gaze so bleak, so petrifying... that the gunman turns and runs. and we cut. to an exact reproduction of the pulitzer prize winning photo... the cops bent over the bodies, the medics with their stretchers, the boy bruce, his arms wrapped tightly around the waist of officer gordon. there's only one difference. bruce's head is turned away from us. we can't see his face. and now a hand enters the frame. much like the gunman's hand, but feminine, beckoning. bruce, hearing his name, looks up; then, agonized, ashamed, he buries his face in gordon's side. gordon gestures angrily at the intruder. but the hand keeps beckoning. and ultimately bruce turns. showing us the tear stained face from the famous photo. a face slack with horror. the horror of his parents' death... and more importantly, the horror that someone would dare to violate this most private and terrible of moments. at last we see what bruce sees: a woman crouched on the sidewalk nearby. the woman is holding a camera. the woman is smiling prettily at bruce. the woman is vicki vale. a flashbulb explodes. filling. the screen with its blinding white light, scorching out the image as a harsh ringing sound cuts through the silence.}
