<L>__{exterior mountain road day}
<A>__{the blond driver of the front staff car sees the truck move up on him in the rearview mirror and speeds up. belloq, shliemann and the armed guard in the car twist around to look at the struggle in the truck. the blond driver begins what will be a continuing preview of the twists in the road. he turns his wheel sharply and takes the lead car around a bend. in the cab of the truck, indy and the truck driver stop their fight temporarily and cooperate in turning the steering wheel. the truck barely stays on the road. a full view reveals the incredible geography of this ride. the convoy in tiny against the spectacular mountainside, the cliffs drop hundreds of feet. at the wheel of the rear car, gobler swerves to stay on the road and accidentally sideswipes a boulder. the gunner perched in the back is flipped head over heels out of the car. gobler and belzig are having trouble seeing the road through all the dust the convoy is kicking up. the lead staff car reaches the summit of the road and barely makes the hairpin turn there, delivering a destructive blow to the guard rail that has been placed there. the guard rail is now bent. in the cab of the truck, indy and the truck driver again stop trying to choke each other long enough to negotiate the turn together. the bumper of the truck hits the broken guard rail and sends it flying off the cliff. the truck, however, holds the road. in the rear car, gobler and belzig are trying to see through the thick clouds of dust. suddenly is clears completely. unfortunately for them, this happens because their car has shot out into space at the hairpin turn. they are flying to their final reward. belzig, eyes wide behind his evil spectacles, screams as he goes. in the cab of the truck, the truck driver is distracted by the sight of the flying staff car. indy plasters him and he tumbles out. far, far below, belzig's staff car explodes on the rocks. in the back of the truck, a tough sergeant takes command of the situation. he picks out six armed nazis and motions for them to start climbing around the outside of the truck to the cab. with some trepidation the lucky ones begin that maneuver. the truck is swerving like crazy. in the front staff car, the armed guard aims his submachine guns back at indy, alone now in the truck's cab. shliemann knocks the barrel roughly away.}
<C>__{shliemann}
<P>__{(yelling)}
<D>__{if anything happens to that ark, we're all dead men ! the fuhrer will see to it!}
<A>__{indy sees this from the cab and reacts by speeding up, putting even more pressure on the blond driver. along the back of the truck, armed nazis are edging up toward the cab, three on each side. they hang on as the truck rounds a corner and goes into a straightaway that leads through a short tunnel. in the cab, indy has been concentrating on the lead staff car. now, just before entering the tunnel, he looks in the side view mirror and sees the nazis on his side. a quick glance to the other mirror reveals the others. as the truck sweeps into the tunnel, we see indy just start to turn his steering wheel he is going to sideswipe the walls of the tunnel at the other end of the tunnel, we hear the roar of the two engine and two long, screeching, scraping sounds. the lead staff car shoots out of the tunnel, then the truck, its sides cleaned of nazis. in the rear of the truck, the tough sergeant is looking with distaste back at the tunnel. there remains only him and two armed nazis with the ark. he sends these two climbing up over the top of the truck. in the lead car, the blond driver is being pressed hard by indy, who now edges up to bump them from the rear. suddenly the armed guard next to the driver sees the two armed nazis appear on the top of the truck. without thinking, he starts to point them out to shliemann, then realizes his stupidity. in the cab, indy has seen this and is at first mystified. he checks his sideview mirrors. then he figures it out and slams on his brakes. the brakes lock, the wheels burn and the truck skids to a dusty halt. the two armed nazis fly off the truck, over the cab to the road in front. indy immediately hits the gas again. the two armed nazis, just aiming their weapons, get wiped out. in the rear of the truck, the crated ark is bouncing all alone, no one in sight, because the tough sergeant is on the top of the truck, making his way steadily forward. this guy clearly knows what he's doing. a submachine gun is slung across his back. the truck and the staff car race through a series of s curves. in the staff car, belloq and shliemann spot the tough sergeant as he reaches the front of the truck's top and begins to lower his submachine gun barrel toward the cab. indy is unaware. belloq and shliemann exchange looks. then shliemann yells to the armed guard in the front seat. the tough sergeant has a line on indy. he points his gun. the armed guard blasts away at the truck. the tough sergeant dies in a hail of bullets and flies off. indy, who has ducked at the gunfire, is confused. but when he sees the armed guard up front lower his gun, indy again floors it and begins bumping the staff car in earnest. the road is almost down to a level now. in the distance cairo. the road takes a little dogleg just before reaching level ground again. just as the staff car is about to make the turn, indy smashes them from behind. the staff car flies off the road and down a twenty foot embankment. indy takes the truck speeding down the road and off toward cairo. in the staff car, the occupants are bruised but safe. shliemann points at the departing truck and yells at the blond driver. the staff car fishtails out of its sandy resting place and takes off after the truck.}
