<T>__{cut to:}
<L>__{exterior ellis park stadium day}
<A>__{the referee blows his whistle. the all black fly half boots the ball towards the springboks, charges after it, along with the rest of the all blacks. game on. we have only seen snippets of rugby, so far. and mostly from a somewhat polite distance the usual distance of tv coverage. say, at closest, the referee's point of view. not now. not for the climax. we experience this beautiful piece of mayhem up close and personal. we're inside the heaving scrums. we are the ball. we see the way cleats leave a pattern of round white dimples on abused skin, which quickly turn to purple as they fill with subcutaneous blood. we feel a tackle in our own spine; we see teeth sink into flesh in the intimacy of a loose scrum; we feel a hard fist smacking us again and again in the hot privacy of a rolling maul. for this is not a pretty match, not for one moment just as the springbok coach wanted. this match is all about a less talented team stifling the best team in the world by sheer determination and fitness. this is about the springboks applying continuous, unrelenting pressure, and forcing the vaunted all black attack into making mistakes. lots of them. dropped balls, errant passes, knock ons. no fluency of movement, no electric building of momentum. because of one thing: tackling. tackling and tackling and tackling again. the first time lomu touches the ball, the stadium, the nation holds its breath until the springbok wing scythes into him at thigh height, wraps him up and brings him down. the second time lomu gets the ball he is brought down from behind by pienaar, with a picture perfect tackle. we can cut away to the faces of the spectators when we want; from mandela to nerine to sipho and on and on, all over the country. but, in truth, our attention belongs on the field. on pienaar, continually exhorting his men, leading by example, wreaking havoc in the all black backfield. on lomu, who always seems just one broken tackle away from running one in except that there are no broken tackles. on thirty big, strong, battle scarred men, who have devoted their entire lives to this moment. they are not playing for money. they are playing for pride, for their countries. outdated notions. we miss them. no tries are scored in the final. the two fly halves match each other, penalty goal for penalty goal. with each made kick, the goal posts shrink for the nexterior the penalty goals are unchallenged. it is up to the kicker to make them or fail. that is pressure. the score is 6 6 when, just before half time, the springbok fly half takes a long, perfect pass from the scrum half, and with the all black defenders looming, kicks a drop goal through the uprights. the springboks lead 9 6. a tight match. so tight, in fact, that there is only one score in the second half an all black drop goal that levels the score at 9 until right before the end of the match, when the all blacks camp in the springbok half. the scrum half sends a long, spiralling pass to the fly half, who is in perfect position to go for a drop goal. the kick soars into the air, high and straight.}
