<T>__{cut to:}
<L>__{exterior kilm house roof night}
<A>__{sarah has problems. still on top of the kilm house, she reaches the edge and pushes off the roof, leaping to the roof of the next building. she lands at the peak of the intersection of the two sides of sloping roof. as she pulls herself up a raptor appears on the rooftop behind her. in full stride, it leaps, sails over her, and lands on the roof ahead of her. sarah swings to her left and starts to crawl down the slope, away from the raptor. suddenly the roof board under her sprinters and cracks under her weight. the whole section pulls up and starts to slide off the roof. sarah, clinging to it, rides the roof planks down, away from the raptor. she looks over her shoulder, down and sees another raptor, waiting for her on the roof of the building below. sarah quickly rolls off the sliding section of roof, which keeps sliding, falling. the raptor below jumps up, just in time to get whacked in the head by the falling roof section. sarah tries to cling to the spanish tile roof, fingers and nails slipping on the slick ceramic surface. she slides all the way to the edge, grabs hold of the gutter, and dangles there, suspended above one raptor and trapped below another. the raptor above works its way down. the one below leaps up, at her dangling legs. she has left them in time with its jumps, to avoid losing her feet. this can't go on for long. desperate, she pulls one of the spanish tiles up from the roof and hurls it at the raptor below. it hits the animal in the head, for all the good that does. but sarah keeps on, pulling and throwing more tiles. she edges to the right, toward a fresh supply. the raptor above edges even closer, claws clicking on the slick roof. something interesting is happening. as sarah pulls the loose tiles free, the ones above slide down, to take their place. sarah sees this and pulls more free, knocking them out of the way as fast as she can. suddenly an avalanche of loose tiles breaks loose and the footing underneath the raptor above disintegrates. the animal's feet flail and grasp, it slides towards the edge amid the tumbling tiles. sarah, seeing it coming, swings in close to the building, hugging it as closely as she can. the raptor falls off the roof, right past her and crunches into the raptor below. both animals snark and attack one another. now sarah, her grip exhausted, falls too, landing right next to the enraged animals. they fight and roll, right over her. she groans and hugs the wood below her, the raptors continue to thrash and bite, they roll back, toward her, she rolls out of their way and plunges through a hole in the roof.}
