<L>__{exterior killing ground night}
<A>__{close on: ann in kong's hand, being tossed around like a rag doll as kong runs through the forest. ngle on: kong propels himself through the jungle with ease, barely disturbing the forest, moving with grace along a well used route. lose on: ann held fast in his grip. she is flung wildly around as kong bounds across chasms, leaping over rivers. ann's fevered pov: the jungle spinning and blurring by. she tries to brace herself against kong's fingers, but the rigors of the journey knock her sideways like a rag doll. wide on: shafts of moonlight play on the faces of grotesque statues set into a mossy cliff. angle on: ann clutched tightly in kong's hand. she is rigid with fear. kong squats down ... he looks closely at ann. close on: kong ... we see him clearly for the first time. a very old, brutish bull gorilla. years of survival have left scars on his face. one eye lid is mangled and his jaw is crooked ... leaving a huge yellowed incisor tooth jutting up. kong stares at ann ... she dare not move; only her rapid breathing belies her inner terror. angle on: ann is suddenly swung upside down and shaken ... the ceremonial necklace falls from ann's neck. close on: ann's horrified face ... she sees human remains amongst the necklaces! bones ... skulls! a whimpering sound escapes from the back of her throat. swirling upside down pov: the necklace lands on the ground amid dozens of other necklaces littering the clearing. angle on: ann is lifted upwards ... kong's lips curl in a low, slow snarl. ann looks at kong, aghast, and in this moment her heightened sense of fear gives way to something more fundamental: self preservation! kong's fingers start to open ann seizes her chance! she suddenly propels herself off his hand! ann drops 12 feet and lands heavily at kong's feet. she rolls amongst grinning human skulls and leg bones ... staggers to her feet and runs! kong rises up with a roar, but ann is already disappearing into the jungle!}
