<L>__{exterior shore day}
<A>__{hector is foraging on the shoreline, gathering cockles, seaweeds, mussels, crabs, anything edible. he splashes in the shallows, hoarding the food in a roughly woven bag. every now and then he will suck a cockle from its shell or crunch on a particularly tasty piece of seaweed. hector looks about 30 years old. this is advanced middle age for his times and it shows. he has a heavy cold and an irritating hack in his throat. in a similar condition a modern individual would spend two or three pleasantly drugged days in bed, perhaps attempting a little light paperwork propped up on some pillows. the sun is warming the day. hector sits on a rock, sur veying his world. he seems very much a part of it. he watches some wading seabirds nearby. like him they are nosing around the margins of low tide for food. he smiles. in another season they or their eggs will pro vide a meal or two. there is a strange atmosphere of appropriateness in the scene, hector seems such an inte gral part of it. the easy fit of the man in his land scape strikes us. hector belongs to it in ways that a present day hunter or holiday maker, or even naturalist, never could. also, there is an odd sense of the world being rather empty. whether the larger world is round or flat, spinning or orbiting, hector neither knows nor cares. he knows simple things. cold and hunger. he knows warmth, rough comfort and companionship. his family and the safety of their cave. further along the shore hector drops his bag and straigh tens himself, easing the ache in his back. then some thing disturbs him. from behind a distant headland a smudge of smoke trails into the sky. hector picks up his bag and runs. he knows where he is going. he reaches a vantage point on some rocks. he steadies himself and gazes hard out to sea. we can feel the strain in his eyes as he tries to detect any hint of threat in the glinting water. then his jaw drops in fear. around the edge of the headland two dark shapes proceed in regular motion. their steady progress is full of menace. oar driven boats, slowly, insistently making their way into hector's bay. he jumps from the rocks and runs up the beach toward the cave. one thing else that hector knows is fear, blind, gut turning fear.}
