<L>__{exterior beach day}
<A>__{the raiders are loading up their boats, wading back and forth from the shoreline. hector watches from cover. his family are already on one of the boats, awaiting whatever lies ahead, too afraid to betray real emotion. the last of the raiders on shore wade out the short dis tance to the boats. hector watches these moments of departure, watches the faces of his family. hector makes his move. in a mad act he breaks cover and runs down toward the departing boats. the last raiders are climbing aboard. hector charges at full speed to the water's edge. he screams agonizingly at the raiders and impotently starts throwing stones at them. the raiders all look at him. the leader is impudently brushing hector's missiles aside, like so many flies and smiling. suddenly hector's rage and energy leave him. he stands looking at the raiders and they look at him, for a long moment. the raiders are all young men, hardly into their twenties, and nowadays might resemble something like a motorcycle gang. but in hector's time they are men in the full prime of life. they begin to laugh and exchange remarks about hector. he returns their looks fiercely. his woman and children sit on the boat, frozen in fear. the leader eventually turns from hector, still smiling and gives an order. the men lift their oars and prepare to leave. then an older man stands up in the other boat. he calls over to the leader, nodding in the direction of hector. hector doesn't know what they are saying, but they have an intense exchange, obviously centered on him. the older man seems to be an adviser, a priest or wise man, although he's still only about thirty years old. the leader listens to him intently. the priest talks and points to the cliffs. the leader looks there and nods his head. he gives some instructions to his men. hector stands, bemused. six or so of the raiders leave the boats, wade ashore and without any resistance from him, take hold of hector. hector's children instictively rise as if to defend their father, but deirdre, despite her own feelings, wisely holds them back.}
