<L>__{exterior raft day}
<A>__{the sun is up, and dom paulo was right. the raft is now standing off shore riding out the heavy ocean surf before finally beaching. the strong are helping to row ashore, under the shouted instructions of the navigator. those too weak to help are huddled beside their posses sions, hoping to survive this final trial of the sea. hector works his oar with the rest. he has time to cast a glance at ursula and francisco. francisco in his manic heroic way manages to row while at the same time trying to offer a steadying arm to ursula. if hector had time or energy to laugh, he would. the raft is in the full rage of the surf. the sense behind its loose construction is obvious now. snake like it rides the waves, one half up, the other down. the beaching isn't easy. a few people are washed overboard with no way of saving them. finally the raft makes it through the barrier of the outer surf. they are in a long curving bay. up from the beach lies an area of dunes, and beyond that a thick belt of jungle. the raft scrapes onto the sand. those near the beach scramble ashore, immediately prostrating themselves in prayers of thanks while those at the back jump into the water and clumsily wade the last few feet to safety. hector's attention is never far from ursula. she is struggling in the water with some of her baggage. a youth, nuno, goes to help her. hector overtakes him and nudges him out of the way, offering to take ursula's load from her shoulders. she refuses his help. waist deep in water they tussle over her bundle of possessions. hector overpowers her, wrestles her load from her grasp, angrily wades to the shore and dumps it on the sand. in amongst the drama of their situation their little battle of wills seems petty and pathetic, but it reveals much about their past. soon the survivors are dragging their possessions from the raft. they have managed to hoard a surprising amount from their doomed ship. carpets, chests, chairs, all are dragged ashore.}
