<L>__{exterior road dawn}
<C>__{roderick }
<D>__{on this evening, the lady of high rank, after i had won a considerable sum in diamonds and pearls from her, sent her lover with a band of cut throats to waylay me.}
<A>__{roderick and the chevalier are sound asleep in their carriage when they are awakened by a violent jolt, upon which the carriage overturns in the middle of the road. the chevalier is underneath, and screams from the pain in his right arm, which he thinks is broken. their servant forces the door open to help them out, telling them that the two postilions have fled. roderick easily gets out of the carriage through the door, which is above him, but the chevalier, unable to move because of his disabled arm, has to be pulled out. his piercing shrieks make roderick laugh, because of the strange oaths with which he interlards his prayers. from the carriage, roderick takes his dueling pistols, and sword. roderick tells his servant to mount and to looking for armed peasants in the vicinity; money in hand, he leaves. the chevalier has lain down on the hard ground, groaning and in no condition to resist robbers. roderick makes his own preparations to sell his fortune and his life at the highest price. his carriage is close to the ditch, and he unhitches the horses, tieing them to the wheels and the pole in a circle, and stations himself behind them with weapons. in this predicament, roderick cannot help laughing at the poor chevalier, who is writhing like a dying dolphin on a seashore, and uttering the most pitiful execrations, when a mare, whose back was turned to him, take it into her empty head to empty her bladder on him. there is nothing to be done; he has to put up with the whole stinking rain, and to forgive roderick's laughter, which he has not the strength to hold in. the chill wind and the silence are suddenly broken by an attack, which is half hearted and uncertain, by the lady's lover, and his hesitant band of six cut throats. some falter and run away as soon as roderick fires his pistol. the leader and two heartier followers engage roderick. during the fight, they mortally wound the helpless chevalier and two of them are killed. after they flee, roderick kneels by the chevalier, who utters some appropriate last words, then dies. his servant finally arrives at full gallop, shouting at the top of his voice, and followed by a band of peasants, each with his lantern, come to his rescue. there are ten or twelve of them, all armed with muskets, and all ready to obey his orders.}
