<D>__{44 inch chest written by louis mellis & david scinto}
<B>__{prologue}
<A>__{stagnant black water ... greasy. pitch. thick. oily. dense. heavy... lapping... slow.... a desolate canal... night. onto dark stones... rain slicked... darkest slate grey cobbles... and on through streets... narrow. grimy. sooty. rank... deserted... pastal disused victorian broken windowed, derelict buildings and wharf side warehouses with rotten oaky loading beams and rusted iron chains... mossy, mildewed walls... dripping fetid water from corroded dilapidated ancient ruined guttering... moving... turning... into a pinched, arched, alleyway if anything darker, blacker... foreboding... forsaken... and if we listen if we strain our ears listen we can hear music fainterior ghostly. haunting ... "take me back to dear ol' blighty " as if sung by a jolly girl in a long gone bar surrounded by drunken men... we keep moving... the music growing... in the distance a faint glow.... dirty yellow, diffused, misty light... we move towards it... towards the piss coloured light... we stop... in the middle of nowhere... dark nowhere... and the music fades... fades away... vanished... extreme silence... all we have is all we can see... the gable end of an old house.... limey light bleeding weakly from a broken, filthy window... all is still suddenly it comes crashing down the end wall comes crashing down a flurry of bricks and mortar... crashing down... the tumble of masonry... and through clouds of brick dust and rubble we see figures inside... through a smokey powdered fog we can see a group of men in the downstairs room of the derelict house... on the walls faded 40's wallpaper, peeling in parts to reveal older dim patterns... damp patches... a window crudely boarded up... a few unmatched armchairs in various states of disrepair a 60's black vinyl, a deco patterned smoker, a 70's cream plastic, a brown wooden kitchen chair etc... the colours in the room are browns, greys, caramels, darks, muted... in the middle of the room, standing on dusty, bare wooden floorboards, his fist clenched aggressively by his sides, is old man peanut, aged 80... skinny... wearing a dark three piece suit... gold watch chain... black homburg... he is squaring up to us... staring... slightly behind, to his left, sitting nonchalantly cross legged in a battered brown leather wingback armchair and casually smoking a davidoff cigarette, is meredith, late}
