<D>__{"rear window" by john michael hayes based on a short story by cornell woolrich final draft december 1, 1953}
<T>__{fade in:}
<L>__{interior jefferies' apartment day long shot}
<A>__{although we do not see the foreground window frame, we see the whole background of a greenwich village street. we can see the rear of a number of assorted houses and small apartment buildings whose fronts face on the next cross town street, sharply etched by the morning sun. some are two stories high; others three; some have peaked roofs, others are flat. there is a mixture of brick and wood and wrought iron in the construction. the apartment buildings have fire escapes, the others do not. the neighborhood is not a prosperous one, but neither is it poor. it is a practical, conventional dwelling place for people living on marginal incomes, luck or hope and careful planning. the summer air is motionless and heavy with humid heat. it has opened windows wide, pushed back curtains, lifted blinds and generally brought the neighborhood life into a sweltering intimacy. yet, people born and bred to life within earshot and eye glance of a score of neighbors have learned to preserve their own private worlds by uniformly ignoring each other, except on direct invitation. the camera pulls back until a large sleeping profile of a man fills the screen. it is so large that we do not see any features, but merely the temple and side of the cheek down which a stream of sweat is running. the camera pans off this to the right hand side of the window, and moves to a thermometer which is hanging on the wall just outside the window. it registers 84. the camera moves on into the open, and brings nearer to us a room with a large studio window. we are able to see inside this room. a short, balding man is standing near the window, shaving, using a small bowl of water and a portable mirror which he has set up on a shelf. to the right of him is a battered upright piano. on top of the piano is a radio. the music selection coming from the radio stops, and the announcer is heard.}
<C>__{announcer}
<D>__{the time 7:15 a.m., wor, new york. the temperature, outside, 84 friends is your life worth one dollar?}
<A>__{the man shaving quickly puts down his razor, hurries to the radio, and changes the station, moving past a number of commercial voices until he again finds some music. contented, he returns to his shaving. the camera moves on and over to a far building. it passes over the face of this building until it comes to fire escapes. it goes up and near enough to one which has become the outdoor bedroom of a couple. we are near enough to see an alarm clock hanging from the rail which is now ringing vigorously. a man rises lazily to a sitting position. he gropes to switch the alarm off. we see that his pajamas are stained with sweat. in his sitting position he leans forward and shakes somebody beside him. to our surprise, the head of this other person a woman rises where his feet are. they have been sleeping in opposite directions. they sit limply looking at each other with bedraggled and weary expressions which show they enjoyed very little sleep in the heat of the night. the camera now moves down toward the left onto another low building. it moves in a little to a living room window. just inside the windowsill, a small fan is oscillating. the fan sits on the right side of the table, and to the left of it is an automatic toaster. behind the toaster stands a full bodied young woman, apparently wearing only a pair of black panties. her stomach, navel, and the lower part of her chest are naked. just below her breasts, the curtain, partly drawn, has thrown a deep shadow which extends upward, hiding her breasts, shoulders and head. two pieces of toast pop up in the toaster. she takes them out, butters them. then she turns around and bends over another table on which stands an automatic coffee maker. she picks up the coffee maker, and swings back to the table to sit down. she does this so deftly that her breasts are never exposed, but hidden by the fan as she sits down. the fan moves back and forth as she pours coffee, far enough to reveal that she wears no bra, but not far enough to fulfill the exciting promise of her lack of clothes. the camera moves on to a distant street corner seen between two buildings. the traffic is very light at this hour, but a sanitation department truck moves through the intersection spraying water out behind it to cool the pavement and keep the dust down. three little kids in bathing suits run behind the truck, playing in the water. the camera moves off and around to some buildings at the side. as it skims this building, we see a hand emerge from one of the windows, and remove the cover from a birdcage which is hanging from a hook on the wall outside. in the cage are two lovebirds arguing. the camera now pulls back swiftly and retreats through the open window back into jefferies' apartment. we now see more of the sleeping man. the camera goes in far enough to show a head and shoulders of him. he is l. b. jefferies. a tall, lean, energetic thirty five, his face long and serious looking at rest, is in other circumstances capable of humor, passion, naive wonder and the kind of intensity that bespeaks inner convictions of moral strength and basic honesty. he is sitting in an everest and jennings wheelchair. the camera pans along his right leg. it is encased in a plaster of paris spica from his waistline to the base of his toes. along the white cast someone has written "here lie the broken bones of l. b. jefferies." the camera pans to a nearby table on which rests a shattered and twisted speed graphic camera, the kind used by fast action news photographers. on the same table, the camera pans to an eight by ten glossy photo printerior it shows a dirt track auto racing speedway, taken from a point dangerously near the center of the track. a racing car is skidding toward the camera, out of control, spewing a cloud of dust behind it. a rear wheel has come off the car, and the wheel is bounding at top speed directly into the camera lens. the camera moves up to a framed photograph on the wall. it is a fourteen by ten print, an essay in violence, having caught on film the exploding semi second when a heavy artillery shell arches into a front line korean battle outpost. men and equipment erupt into the air suspended in a solution of blasted rock, dust and screeching shrapnel. that the photographer was not a casualty is evident, but surprising when the short distance between the camera and the explosion is estimated. a signature in the lower right hand corner of the picture reads "l. b. jefferies." the camera pans to a second photograph of a picket line at an aircraft plant strike. strikers, non strikers and police are embroiled in a bitter and confused riot. clubs, fists and truncheons swing, blood flows, faces twist with emotion and fallen victims struggle to regain their feet. the picture represents no distant, cautions photographic observation, but rather an intimate report, so immediate and real that the viewer has the nervous feeling the fight surrounds him and he had best defend himself. the same signature, "l. b. jefferies," is in the corner. the camera pans to another framed picture, this one a beautiful and awesome shot of an atomic explosion at frenchman's flat, nevada. it is the cul de sac of violence. the picture taken at a distant observation point, shows some spectators in the foreground watching the explosion through binoculars. the camera moves on to a shelf containing a number of cameras, photographic film, etc. it then pan across a large viewer on which is resting a negative of a woman's head. from this, the camera moves on to a magazine cover, and although we do not see the name of the magazine, we can see the head on the cover is the positive of the negative we have just passed. the camera finally comes to rest on a pile of magazines perhaps a hundred or so. they are all of the same publication.}
