<L>__{exterior neighborhood night semi long shot}
<A>__{the kitchen lining room combination of the ballet dancer's apartment has now been made more presentable. the ice box is now skillfully concealed by a large chinese screen. all kitchen utensils have been put away, replaced by more attractive effects, and lamp light softens the surroundings. miss torso is now wearing a cocktail dress, which shows off her figure to great advantage, especially when she leans toward three assorted men to offer them a plate of hors d' oeuvres. she is the perfect hostess, animated, charming, and with an added personal touch for each guest. she is behaving with a sophistication which was not apparent when we first saw her in the morning. her every movement is followed admiringly by the eyes of the three men one wearing black tie, with a touch of grey in his hair, a long island socialite a young rather handsome, actor in grey flannel suit and last, a bright, pleasant, young man who might possibly be from wall street, wearing a blue pin striped suit. the latter two are engaged in an animated conversation. the young man in the grey suit is showing the other young man some newspaper cuttings he's taken from his pocket. miss torso sees that the cocktail glass of the third man is empty. she takes it over to the window, and starts to fill it. the man in the tuxedo follows her over, with a casual glance toward the other two. he stands beside her as she makes the drink. he looks at his watch with some impatience, and makes a side comment to her as to the lateness of the time. she turns, gives him a light kiss on his cheek, as if she's telling him to be patient. instead of pacifying him, it makes him more amorous, and he puts an arm around her shoulder an plants a heavy kiss on her cheek. she turns to face him, they look into each other's eyes a moment, and she allows herself to be kissed on the lips but only long enough so as to attract the attention of the other two men. with a little admonishing look, she moves away from him, and makes him rejoin the other two.}
