<L>__{20 rue marengo and steps. outside. sunset.}
<A>__{the algerian is standing at the top of some steep, almost vertical steps that lead from the european quarters to the casbah. now he is in rue marengo. there is still some daylight. the street is crowded. the algerian is unsteady on his legs. he stops and mutters something to himself. it is obvious that he is trying to hide his drunkenness. he begins to walk, his hand against the wall for support. he stumbles. the workbox falls, scattering brushes and cans of shoe polish on the ground. the algerian bends down, and begins to pick up his tools. he is swearing. others have seen him. a peddler points him out to a child of about ten. it is petit omar, who nods yes, then whistles. another whistle answers him, then another and another. there are other children, at every corner of the street. they arrive in a run and gather together. omar points to the drunk who is now moving away, and gives the order to attack. it is evident that this is not a game for them, but a duty. there is a chorus of brief shouting, of insults, and whistles. the drunk sees them approaching. he is terrified. he tries to quicken his step. they reach him quickly and surround him. they attack him and then flee, small yet elusive. they do not laugh even once; their faces are hard and cruel. the drunk swings around holding his workbox by its strap. some children are hit; some fall. the drunk avails himself of this chance to escape, and retraces his steps to the staircase. he begins to descend toward the european quarters. but the children are again upon him. they are shouting more loudly now, and pushing him. he quickens his step, and staggering jumps the steps two by two. the children trip him and he falls. he is crying. he shields himself with his hands. the workbox has fallen and is rolling down the steps. the children are now on top of him, like small beasts on a carrion. they smother him, push him and pull him. they are no longer shouting. all of them are intent upon their efforts. only the drunk is shouting despairingly. they succeed in moving him, and hurl him down the steps. he rolls downward, trying in vain to grab something with his hands.}
