<L>__{into the middle of the crowd! the musicians blow whistles and}
<A>__{bang on drums. the cafe au lait beauties gyrate and pull guests out of their chairs. rachel leaps from her chair into sidney's arms and he gives her a huge, sexy kiss as he rubs her tummy. wedding guests scream with delight and rush to the floor. the drummers become more impassioned with every beat. they travel allover the dance floor, a trail of guests behind them. sweat is dripping, the girls are glistening wet, the guests are pulled into a massive pulsing heartbeat on the dance floor. emma, kayra and victoria are dancing together screaming until cousin joseph, matt and another male friend muscle their way in. little kids swing each other around in circles. rachel and sidney are practically doing it on the dance floor. a brazilian beauty shimmies over to them, her headdress bobbing, her smile enormous. sidney immediately puts his head on her bosom. after a beat rachel does too, laughing. sfx: pounding brazilian drums carol stands quietly besides paul and takes his hand and whispers to him. though not dancing, they are clearly enjoying the carnival. paul gives a little shimmy. abby and andrew are huddled together at a table, talking intensely. it's like they are blind to the spectacle. kieran offers his hand to kym. she leaps up, spilling her flowers. kieran pulls her to the middle of the crowd. they circle each other. they come together almost violently and dance like there's no tomorrow. kym's head is thrown back. shoulders heaving, kieran swings her around by the waist. sfx: drummers driving the party faster and faster. emma shimmies wildly with her partner, her hair a mess. mr. and mrs. williams clapping wildly and doing the limbo hustle drunken parent dance. guests stomping and cheering. the brown, glittering dancers are shaking thisclose to the drummers who have their shirts off. a dancer rocks with an older gentleman who gulps oxygen from a tank. rachel and sidney are bathed in sweat, kissing. sidney is gulping champagne. kieran and kym have their foreheads together and their eyes closed, chests heaving.}
<B>__{drums crescendo}
<A>__{carol and paul watching, laughing. andrew whispering in abby's ear. she just stares off. kieran and kym glued together. rachel tossing her hair wildly, sidney behind her. everyone laughing, laughing, dancing. drums stop!!! huge whoops and hollers!!!}
