<L>__{100 exterior night cab}
<A>__{outside, cheryl is now pounding against the front door.}
<L>__{101 interior night m.r.}
<A>__{ashly picks up a small table upon which are the book of the dead, and the professors journal. he throws it at scott. this does not affect him, and he advances closer. the book of the dead lands near the fireplace and edges of the paper darken from the heat. scott picks up ashly and begins to throttle him as if he were a rag doll. the front door begins to give under cheryl's pounding. ashly brings his hands to scott's eyes. with a crash, cheryl breaks through the front door and begins to push the dresser away. pages from the book of the dead are smolder ing now. ashly jams his fingers into scott's eyes and slips from the grip. scott clutches his eye sockets and his back begins to smolder. ashly now sees the book. its pages burn at the edge. cheryl topples the dresser and enters the room. her face is partially torn away from the shot gun blast. ashly rushes to throw the book onto the burning logs, but cheryl, smoldering also, gives him a backhand blow across the head, and he is sent sprawling to the floor. she grabs a fireplace poker with her crushed fingers and turns back to ashly who is crawl ing toward the fireplace. when almost in reach of the book, scott grabs his leg and begins to pull ashly back ward. cheryl approaches with smoke pouring from her clothes and slams ashly across the back with her poker. ashly screams. a glitter catches his eye. it is linda's necklace. grabbing it, he tosses the end with a clasp toward the book. it slides off the cover. scott pulls him back once more as ashly swings the necklace in a last desperate attempt. cheryl raises the poker for the final blow. the necklace drapes over the book and as ashly is dragged, the clasp hooks the cover and pulls the book with him. with a yank, he seizes the book and tosses it upon the blaze. cheryl and scott freeze. the book of the dead burns in a bluish green flame. smoke pours from scott and cheryl as distant demonical screams are heard from the woods. the fireplace poker slips from cheryl's hand and sticks into the wood scarcely an inch from ashly's head. the bodies of scott and cheryl then begin to cave inward upon themselves, collapsing to the floor in smoldering heaps. finally, nothing is left but the burnt clothing and a blackish grey ooze on the floor where their bodies once were. the old clock begins to tick again, normally. ashly slowly climbs to his feet to stand above the fuming debris. open ing his hand, he looks down at linda's necklace. the force retreats from him, out the door, slowly returning to the darkness from which it emerged. gradually, the natural sounds of the forest swell and trees lose their gloom as autumn colors return. the first rays of sunlight gleam over the woods beyond the cabin. daybreak has finally come.}
