<L>__{interior ice factory 13j}
<A>__{the refrigerated ice factory is filled with neat rows of ice blocks. factory workers mill about, transporting the blocks of ice through the factory. carnby hides between the rows of ice blocks. he checks the beat cop's gun to make sure it's loaded. it is. carnby stops, sensing something. in one fluid motion, carnby suddenly spins, turning in the other direction and firing the gun. we follow the bullet as it rockets through the ice factory. it whizzes along, until we see carnby's intended target. pinkerton comes through the ice factory, running at carnby. the bullet flies directly at him. the bullet hits pinkerton in the shoulder. but it only seems to anger pinkerton further. he keeps running at carnby. pinkerton leaps at carnby. carnby fires again. but pinkerton dodges the bullet and it hits a block of ice, shattering it in a hail of ice shards. pinkerton rolls with his dodge and races off into the stacks of ice blocks. carnby tries to track pinkerton's movements through the ice stacks. he hears the sound of pinkerton moving, but can't see him. his gun is ready. he searches around. suddenly, there's a rush of movement behind him. carnby dodges just as pinkerton's fist comes flying out. pinkerton connects with an ice block, shattering it. carnby is backed into a dead end in the ice factory. he turns to face pinkerton, gun ready. but pinkerton is on him too quickly. he lunges at carnby, hoisting him over his head and slamming him down on a conveyer belt. pinkerton drags carnby along the conveyer belt. but carnby grabs a hanging chain to steady himself. with a quick kick, carnby uses the momentum to flip pinkerton over him. pinkerton flies through the air towards a large ice pick wedged into the wall. the sharp point of the ice pick punches right through pinkerton's torso, impaling him. he is immediately killed. carnby leans up against the wall, steadying himself. he pulls the stone carving out of his pocket to check it. in the fight, the carving has been cracked into pieces. but the broken carving reveals something hidden inside it, a small gold artifact that was concealed in the carving. the artifact is a gold circle, flat on the top and bottom, its thick round side engraved with intricate abkani symbols. this is the lynchpin artifact, the piece which connects the other artifacts together.}
