<L>__{interior basement night}
<A>__{we move out of shadow, toward a bright focused light, following the albino german shepherd valentine as it enters a vast subterranean room. most of the walls have been knocked down, leaving only thick support posts. valentine finds stargher in a dugout pit about five feet deeper than the rest of the room polishing a stainless steel table. a bright tungsten work light hangs above, and near it is the chain, cables and hooks of a customized mechanical hoist. the dog picks up an unpleasant scent and follows it to a far corner where there are empty jugs of bleach sitting next to a long, deep cast iron tub. stargher whistles and valentine obediently retreats to a kennel cage. stargher gives him a chew toy and locks the dog inside before moving to the tub. soaking in the bleach is the nude corpse of anne vicksey. the interior of the tub is glazed with gleaming porcelain and the whiteness of her flesh makes it appear as though she is floating in nothingness, but what hypnotizes and appalls are her eyes. wide open, transformed by the chlorine into something ghostly, they are unforgettable. as the bleach gurgles down the drain, stargher lifts anne from the tub and carries her to the table. he places her face up and dries her with a clean white towel. he moves her limbs, lips, hips, and hands into desired positions then retreats into shadow. in the harsh light, against the shiny table, the bleached body has the quality of an apparition and we almost expect her to move... we hear stargher remove his clothes and he steps into the pool of light. nude, we see that his lean, muscular frame is laced with some rough tatoos. when he turns his back to us, we find eight metal rings, thick and strong, pierced through his flesh. two columns of four on either side of the spine, running from shoulder blade to just below the waist. what in god's name are they for? stargher shuts off the work light and moves to an area where he keeps television monitors and vcrs. he inserts a videocassette taken from the surveillance deck and watches the screen. in black and white, we see anne awaken in the cell. her first moments inside. disoriented, terrified, trapped, she examines her surroundings. stargher is mesmerized by her fear. fast forwarding to her death, he presses a remote and we get sound. anne screaming, begging for her life. aroused, stimulated, stargher drinks it in like a symphony. valentine cowers in the back of his cage, hating this.}
