<L>__{interior stargher's world}
<A>__{the pattern of the electronics grows into something more organic, textured, concrete. evolving into a world. black and shadow filled, it resembles a labyrinthine complex of vertical walls with cubicle like rooms carved deep into its core. our journey into this bleak, grim place continues and we occasionally glimpse brief images of a boy's baptism.}
<L>__{intercut :}
<A>__{with this journey are sections of cloudy blackness and fragmented visions of catherine connected to the apparatus, face masked, descending into this world. there is an abrupt shift from still images to regular motion and we find ourselves gliding over a tidepool filled with tiny fish and tadpoles. at water's edge, lying on rough, pebble strewn ground, is a hand. catherine's hand. we sense movement, but she remains still. from the darkness comes a dog. black in color and featureless, it sniffs catherine, dismisses her, and meanders into a cubicle opposite her, disappearing from view. after a moment of odd quiet, a drop of blood hits the mask and we follow catherine's hand as it moves to the cloth and removes it from her own face. in macroscopic super slow motions, another blood droplet sails 64 into the air and comes crashing down, hitting a red ant, catapulting it onto what looks like a tree, but is just a twig. as the insect scurries away, more drops pound the earth, splatter against "twig trees," and explode into pools of stagnant water... as we begin to realize that this miniature landscape is the world into which catherine descended. she sits up, shivering, and breathes deeply, acclimating to her surroundings. the "floor" is covered with filth, ash, pebbles, and insects. water is present in many forms, puddles, moisture, dripping ceilings. eyes focusing, queasy, not fully "awake," catherine notices the crimson stain on the cloth mask and the blood droplets showering the air. she turns and finds the source. the black dog stands in the opposite room next to a tub full of blood, shaking himself dry after his "bath." satisfied, the animal stops and trots away. still adjusting to this nightmarish realm, catherine at first doesn't hear it, but then realizes that somewhere, a child is crying. she looks around, then through a crack in the "floor," briefly catches sight of a boy beneath her, on a level lower than hers. as he disappears into corridor ending in "nothing," we pull back to show a massive landscape of blocks, cubicles, crawlspace, walls, stairs, and ladders. leading everywhere and nowhere. catherine spots the boy as he crawls into a specific "room." shortly after, a light comes on within the cubicle and she moves to it. we feel as though we're looking at a series of interlocked tenement rooms, some walls of which have been torn away to expose rooms within, rooms with no windows or doors. following a path of fragile steps, catherine makes her way to the lighted room and enters.}
