<L>__{interior stargher's world the labyrinth}
<A>__{young stargher knows his way around the landscape, but catherine has difficulty simply keeping him in sight. she runs, climbs and crawls. until she's utterly lost and disoriented. tired and having difficulty breathing, she drops to her knees and "cools down." she hears a noise nearby, gets to her feet, and finds a geared mechanism connected to some kind of shuttered door composed of an almost metallic looking glass. curious yet cautious, she examines the nearby walls, floor, and ceiling for any signs of "traps" akin to the glass blades. finding none, she pulls the mechanism and quickly steps back. the shutter opens and catherine knows there's something alive in the tiny cubicle beyond. she retreats into shadow, hiding. released from the chamber is a woman. as she moves out of a darkness, we see victim one. ghostly pale and adorned in eerie fetish garb, she appears to "sense" the presence of a stranger, targets catherine in the shadows, and attacks! catherine's had enough and moves to press the implant, but the victim is already there! she brutally grabs catherine, throws her against the wall and smacks her head against it. catherine drops to the floor like a rag doll. victim one hefts catherine onto her shoulder and with great purpose, carries her deep into the labyrinth, toward the core. passing in and out of consciousness, between darkness and light, a dazed catherine is taken on a "tour" of stargher's world. passing mausoleum like chambers filled with images of unspeakable horror and or disturbing intensity. at one of the rooms, we think we see young stargher silently observing... sitting of standing in individual cubicles are stargher's other victims (two thru six), each woman resembling the grotesque porcelain dolls glimpsed in the cubbyholes in stargher's basement. dressed by a fetishistic sadist (nine inch nails meets the brides of dracula), they resemble bored housewives, barely acknowledging the new member of the "harem."}
