<L>__{interior kitchen. berlin safe house night the past}
<A>__{young rachel stands in the small kitchen. rain lashes on the window. she stares out at some fireworks exploding nearby, then turns away and begins to gather three metal saucepans from the shelves. we track with her as she walks into the...}
<B>__{living room}
<A>__{and begins to place the pots on the floor to catch the rainwater which is dripping through various points in the ceiling. as she positions the last pot we revolve around her to get our first view of the far wall. and there, tied to a radiator, is dieter vogel, now 50. he's bound, his mouth taped, apparently asleep. rachel doesn't, of course, react to this sight. instead she begins to clear away some pieces of broken glass bowl from the floor. we track with her as she walks back down the short hallway into the kitchen, drops the pieces of bowl into the bin. from the living room comes the three distinct pings of rainwater dripping in the pots. she stops suddenly, puzzled. it's a moment before she works out what she's noticed something has changed in the sound of the rainwater next door. there are only two drips instead of three. she walks back towards the living room... rachel's p.o.v through the living room door we can see that one of the pots has been overturned. rachel slows to a stop. a sudden wave of adrenalin causes her to turn but...it's too late. vogel steps out of the alcove he's been standing in so that he is directly in front of her. before she can even cry out he has slashed her face open with a shard of glass. instinctively she cups her hands to her ripped face. vogel grabs her by the hair and stepping behind her, tries to worm his other hand underneath her raised arms to reach her throat with the glass. her training kicking in, rachel uses a krav magah move to grab and twist vogel's forearm, breaking his hold on her and turning the arm until, with a yell of pain, vogel drops the shard. he swings wildly at her, but rachel ducks the fist and drives the palm of her hand up into his face. vogel stumbles back, surprised by her speed and the sudden pain of the blow. rachel is about to press home the attack but is blinded by blood from her wound washing into her eyes. as she wipes her eyes clear, vogel grabs a lamp from a small chest of drawers in the hall and smashes it into her face. she falls. vogel begins to run, but, driven by adrenaline and desperation, rachel scrambles onto all fours and lunges at him, catching hold of his trouser leg as he moves towards the front door. vogel stumbles, manages to pull a leg free and stamps down on rachel who lets go with a moan. he stamps again, steps free and kicks her hard in the head. rachel rolls with the force of the kick and comes to a rest, losing consciousness. rachel's p.o.v low angle fluttering in and out of darkness vogel's feet as he stands beside us, breathing hard. then he turns and hurries to the front door...and out.}
