<L>__{exterior razorback point harbor (moments later)}
<A>__{close on lex lying in the snow, looking up at the sky. lex rolls over to see she and scar are lying on the very edge of a giant crater. at the edge of the crater, huge chunks of ice stick into the air like shattered teeth. apart from a handful of burning buildings, the entire whaling station is gone. all that remains are smashed timbers, the iced over harbor and the separator the giant vat for boiling whale blubber that she and sebastian once discussed. lex struggles to her knees. it's hard to see the full expanse of the crater through the mist, but it's vast. far below lie the wrecked timbers of the whaling station. scar stands beside lex. he too has survived. the snow around them hisses and melts where chunks of alien carcass have landed. one of these chunks looks familiar. it's a piece of grid's head his signature pattern clearly visible. scar leans down and picks something up. he carries it over to lex. she still wears the alien tail spear and shield slung over her back. lex is still dazed, and it takes a moment for her to realize what is happening. scar pulls a trophy alien finger from his belt. he holds it, still dripping acid blood, right in front of her face. lex tenses in pain, but makes no sound, as the predator begins to "blood" her. burning the distinctive predator warrior scar into lex's forehead with the acid blood of a dead alien. she has earned the mark of a warrior. the camera begins to pull back and the music swells. we are left with the classic image of two tiny figures in a vast landscape. the last survivors. surely this is the end of the movie. suddenly behind them, the alien queen bursts from the snow! none of her brood have survived, but the mother lives, and she's out for blood. lex and scar are showered with chunks of ice and snow. scar reacts with lightning speed, cocking his wrist guard and firing two sharp blades into the queen's neck. a second later he flings the last of his throwing discs at the queen. the disc cuts through her throat, opening a gaping wound. he catches the disc and throws again. chopping a chunk of the queen's crown off. close on scar as he reaches out to catch the disc, but at the last second the alien queen's tail whips around, smashing into scar, flinging him into the remnants of a wooden building. scar survives the impact and falls to the ground. he tries to rise, but a further blow from the queen's tail drives him back to the ground. the alien queen closes in on scar to finish him off. her tail hovers above scar's prone body, ready for the killer blow. angle on lex as she charges the queen. driving the tip of her alien spear into the queen's neck. into the very wound that scar had opened with his throwing disc. the queen screams in pain as lex twists the blade, opening the wound still further. the queen attempts to crush lex, but she shelters beneath the queen's own body. lex is showered with acid blood, but it rolls off her shield fashioned from an alien head. the queen whips suddenly to one side. lex keeps a hold of her spear for a moment, and is lifted off the ground. but her grip can't hold and lex is flung away. she lands hard, losing her shield. the queen struggles furiously with the spear still embedded in her neck. finally she pulls it loose, but in her frenzy, she loses balance, crashing into a still burning building. the queen rises from the flames. furious and ready for vengeance. but lex is gone!}
