<L>__{exterior razorback point harbor}
<A>__{the queen's giant legs eat up the distance between lex and herself in a matter of seconds. lex dives underneath the only shelter she can find the separator. it sits on the edge of the steep cliffs overlooking the harbor. a giant metal vat, commented upon earlier by sebastian, the separator is held aloft by a complex web of metal and wood supports. the queen impacts with the structure, almost ripping it from the ground and causing the separator to drop three feet instantly, nearly crushing lex. the separator teeters on the edge of the harbor, threatening to topple any second into the pack ice far below. the alien queen starts smashing through the remaining supports using her claws and tail. lex is narrowly avoiding the tail smashing in and out of the separator. the alien queen smashes another support beam, weakening the separator still more. now hopelessly overbalanced, the separator begins to tip over, sliding further and further over the cliffs. and the further it slides, the more it exposes lex to the queen. lex is left defenceless and without shelter. the queen rears up, ready to strike. lex is dead for sure. angle on scar flying through the air in a giant predator leap! he drives his spear clean through the side of the queen's head and lands in the snow beside lex in full samurai pose. ready for battle. the queen howls in pain, and for a moment, she is too distracted to fight any further. angle on lex as she sees that many of the restraints that had held the alien queen prisoner are still attached to her body. lex drags one of the long chains still attached to the alien queen and attempts to hook it onto the separator still teetering on the edge of the cliffs. her plan is clear. the separator will fall at any moment, dragging the queen with it into the harbor. the only problem is that these giant chain links are just too heavy for lex to lift. angle on scar as he appears beside lex, helping her lift the chain and hook it onto the separator. for a glorious moment he and lex work side by side. but suddenly scar convulses as the tail of the alien queen punches clean through his chest!!! he is hoisted off the ground, the vengeful queen looming above him. the final remaining leg of the separator finally gives way and the separator tumbles down the hill. the chain pulls tight and drags the alien queen with it. scar is flung free from the queen's tail. the separator hits the pack ice covering the harbor. it cracks the ice, but doesn't break through completely. the alien queen is dragged to the edge of the cliffs but not into the freezing depths below. on the separator as a spiderweb of cracks spread out through the pack ice. the ice is weakening, breaking up, but not fast enough. the alien queen makes one last lunge for lex, like a dog on a chain. her jaws come within an inch of lex, who is backed up against the torn remnants of a building, with nowhere to run. the queen strains at the end of her chain, her inner mouth shooting out, snapping right in front of lex's face, threatening to tear it clean off. angle on the separator as it rocks back and forth, pulled by the queen straining at the other end of her chain. the pack ice finally cracks, and gives way under the strain. the giant metal vat slips through the ice and is sucked into the water below. angle on the queen as the chain pulls tight. dragging the alien queen away from lex. the alien screams in protest, but there is nothing she can do as she is dragged into the harbor by three tons of solid iron. on the pack ice as the alien queen is dragged across the ice and through the gaping hole made by the separator. underwater: beneath the pack ice continuous beneath the ice, everything is silent. ghostly. the separator hurtles past the camera, like a giant anchor headed straight to the bottom. it is followed by the length of chain and then the alien queen. the alien queen is dragged down into the dark. into the abyss. eventually disappearing completely from view.}
