<L>__{exterior service station day}
<A>__{a harvester a giant insect like terminator is outside the station. many times the size of a human being, multiple arms and legs sprout from its thorax, it has multiple camera eyes on long, swiveling stalks it carries kyle and star, the kids struggle frantically, caught in the harvester's jointed steel appendages. one unblinking eye scans kyle, another star; the harvester produces a needle from one of its arms, injects the boy who instantly goes limp, unconscious. it does the same to star. as cow emerges the harvester springs on her, with startling speed. she screams as the enormous terminator hoists her into the air with the others, injects her and begins moving toward a transport. this consists of container resembling a semi trailer or wheeled dumpster, attached within a framework that features movable engine pods and a mysterious armature at the front. a steel lid in the top of the container opens hydraulically, the harvester deposits the human captives inside, and the lid slams shut. marcus has emerged from the garage, still carrying the axe. he stays low, hidden behind the tanker, watching as pig and bull flee through a back entrance to the garage, immediately attracting the attention of the harvester, which sets off in pursuit. marcus comes to a decision. he sprints into the open, toward the transport, and clambers up the side, hitting the thing at full speed, using an engine pod to boost himself higher. he's still short but swings the axe and hooks the axe head over the top of the container, like a grappling hook. he pulls himself up and crawls across the roof, to the lid. there's a barred, reinforced mesh panel here, through which he can see }
<B>__{angle in transport}
<A>__{ about twenty human prisoners, unconscious on the steel floor. among them are kyle and star. star moans, opens her eyes briefly and sees marcus' silhouette above her. her eyes flutter shut again. marcus struggles to raise the sealed lid, but there's no purchase available, just a smooth seam. suddenly the transport jerks. marcus nearly loses his footing as the transport starts rolling forward. he drops to his belly, seeing that the transport is approaching the harvester, which now carries pig and bull, both unconscious. the lid opens and the harvester drops the two men inside but its camera eyes fail to register marcus, who crouches behind the open lid. as the lid begins to close, the harvester attaches to the armature at the front of the transport, making itself an aerodynamic part of the machine. marcus thrusts the head of the axe under the closing lid in order to prevent it from sealing. the lid grinds against it, but remains ajar. a moment later the engine pods rotate downward, fire and the transport lifts off the ground. within moments, the airborne dumpster has risen hundreds of feet in the air.}
