<L>__{exterior aerial day}
<A>__{marcus moves to the edge, looks down in astonishment at the fallow plains far below. looking to the side, he sees a pair of hunter killers, swooping in quickly to provide an escort for the slower moving transport. wind buffets marcus, he hangs on for dear life. clinging to the top of the transport, he slowly makes his way back toward the lid. as the transport banks, he almost loses his grasp, dangling for a moment before the craft rights itself. marcus reaches under the jammed lid and pulls with all his might. this thing is really heavy, plus he's fighting the wind blast. marcus hears something behind him the harvester has spotted him and is now prying itself loose from the armature. also buffeted by the wind, it starts to move gingerly down the length of the transport toward marcus. marcus must let the lid close. he snatches up the axe, takes a couple of whacks at the thing, denting the metal, but doing no serious damage. the harvester knocks the weapon out of his hand, marcus has no choice but to keep backing away. marcus is driven to the back of the transport. struggling for handholds, he lowers himself out of sight, down the framework along the side, getting out of the wind. suddenly steel claws wrap around him from below, yank him downward. the harvester has crawled around the side of the transport, and under the bottom, in order to grab him. the hideous machine now holds him in its clutches, hundreds of feet in the air, its camera eyes fixed on him. the harvester produces its needle, it's coming at his face but marcus frees one hand, grabs the syringe, managing to hold it back, inches from his skin. his strength is weakening, but as the harvester makes its final thrust he jerks the needle to one side and it bends against one of the harvester's own steel limbs. undaunted, the creature crawls up the side of the transport, marcus still in its clutches. it moves to the lid, which opens. it lets go of marcus to drop him inside when marcus seizes two of its appendages and swings up onto the harvester's back, where he grabs a couple of eye stalks, trying to rip them from the harvester's thorax, loose wires spark. the harvester twists and thrashes, it's like he's a rodeo rider. a limb wraps around him, starting to crush him in a vise like grip, when suddenly cannon fire rips through the towering harvester, blowing its thorax to pieces, barely missing marcus. a pair of a 10 warthogs the same colorful ground attack aircraft we saw in the first battle roar past on either side of the transport. the crippled harvester topples off the side of the transport, still clutching marcus and catches on an engine pod, the creature and marcus both suspended in the air. the harvester roasts in the engine blast, its cpu finally dies. marcus is suspended below the engine, the steel limb releases him, he has to cling to it now, to keep from falling. the hunter killers peel out in pursuit of the two resistance planes. a dogfight ensues between the much larger, more heavily armored h ks, and the smaller, more maneuverable warthogs. cannon fire catches an h k but has no effect. the h ks' blue plasma pulses barely miss the planes, which loop and bank. an air to air missile streaks from a warthog and blasts the engine of an h k. an explosion, the thing starts flying erratically, heading downward and crashing to earth in a glorious fireball.}
