<L>__{exterior river dawn}
<A>__{ the river, where the sky is just starting to lighten. marcus splashes into the shallows, extinguishing the flames. he fills his hands with water and sucks it down gratefully. angle on the water a glimmer of metal below the surface, heading for the source of the splashing. suddenly the blackhawk chopper drops down directly in front of marcus, hovering a few feet above the water, the gunner pointing his weapon directly at marcus (he's one of the two soldiers we saw before). the blade wash swirls the water in a whirlpool and beats back the fire behind marcus. as the gunner opens fire marcus dives below the surface, bullets zinging through the murky water. underwater marcus is winged by a couple of shots, his thermoplastic flesh getting torn apart with the gunner he pauses a moment, squinting into the water for a glimpse of marcus, but failing to register that below the chopper, right beneath him, the water roils as if teeming with piranha. suddenly hydrobots erupt from the river with a hideous buzzing sound. hydrobots resemble segmented serpents, eyeless, but with razor sharp heads that drill into their victims they respond to sound and vibrations. about a dozen of these four foot long, glistening steel snakes shoot from the water to attack the chopper. inside the chopper hydrobots pierce the aluminum floor, and shoot into the cabin, the pilot and the two soldiers cry out. the gunner tumbles out of the chopper and falls in the water. the pilot attempts to maintain control, but the hydraulics are damaged and the steel serpents thrash about in the cabin. the gunner surfaces, trying frantically to swim to shore. but the hydrobots are upon him, he shrieks and disappears beneath the bubbling surface, which now boils with blood. in the chopper a whirring hydrobot penetrates the other soldier's leg. he screams and wrenches the thing back out, tossing it from the chopper just before the chopper crashes into the shallows. the pilot leaps from the cabin and makes it to shore, where he collapses. but the remaining, wounded soldier can't get out of the hip deep water before the hydrobots are upon him. suddenly, hands burst from the water, grabbing the soldier. a second later, marcus surfaces, slinging the man over his shoulder. he strides to shore, as if rescuing the man from enemy fire, hydrobots thrashing and bubbling at his waist. marcus reaches the amazed pilot, lays the wounded soldier down beside him, then tears a whirring, writhing hydrobot from the soldier's belly and whips its head against a rock it sparks, micro machine parts fly. the pilot and wounded soldier stare at him, astonished.}
<C>__{marcus}
<D>__{don't mention it.}
<A>__{he tosses the dead robo snake aside, then turns and moves back into the water, quickly vanishing below the surface. underwater marcus moves steadily across the silty river bottom. he doesn't need air. hydrobots come at him, he swats them away as if they were mosquitoes, crushing in his hand those that linger too long. those which make contact with his artificial skin can't get far, turn and swim off.}
