<A>__{"beavis and butt head do america" by mike judge and joe stillman the movie begins with scenes of people screaming in horror and running down the streets of a big city. the ground shakes from what seems like giant footsteps. there are pieces of building debris falling everywhere, people getting crushed, power lines coming down, etc. complete pandemonium. it all looks very much like a japanese animated king kong or godzilla movie. we hear the footsteps getting closer and the ground shaking becomes more intense more debris falling. then we see a huge black tennis shoe come into frame and smash a national guard truck. as we pan up, we see the white socks, then the red shorts, the ac dc t shirt, then we hear the familiar, "huh huh huh." only it's a huge sound...this is a three hundred foot tall butt head. "butt kong" continues his path of destruction stomping on cars and buildings and saying, "this is cool. huh huh huh."}
<D>__{airplanes and tanks start firing at butt head (butt kong).}
<A>__{he looks irritated and says, "cut it out butt munch!" butt head swats at the planes, sending them crashing to the ground and stomps on the tanks. then, something catches his eye. butt head reaches into a skyscraper and picks up a nice looking woman a lot like the one from the king kong movie. he looks down at her in his hand and goes wide eyed, "whoa! huh huh huh." the woman screams in terror as butt head looks down at her and tries a few lame pick up lines. "uuuuh...hey baby. i'm like, pretty tall. huh huh huh." he swats down a helicopter that is circling his head, "dammit, i'm trying to score!" the helicopter goes down in flames. we cut to : some guys sitting on a tank firing at him. they notice giant footsteps coming from the other direction and turn the tank around. through their binoculars we see a three hundred foot beavis coming from the horizon. the giant beavis is even more destructive than butt kong (maybe he could be breathing fire). beavis starts trying to pick up on butt head's woman. butt head puts the woman down and he and beavis begin to go at it, leveling the city with one of their stupid juvenile smack fights. we cross dissolve : from three hundred foot beavis shaking butt kong to butt head asleep on the couch with beavis shaking him.}
