<L>__{int: jamestown slum, hideout, cell continuing}
<A>__{lilly. half conscious now, hanging from the pipe above her, twisting. the sound of edgar's screams makes her groan, awaken a little, dazed. then there is a loud clang. she cranes her head to see down the tunnel that leads to her cell. she catches sight of a shadow, movement in the tunnel.}
<C>__{lilly}
<D>__{silus...}
<A>__{then the figure moves into the tunnel, shuffling, the legs not completely following the brains instructions, but doing enough to propel the person forward, then a stumble. and in a shaft of light lilly can see a hand slapping at the wet wall. but it is less a hand than a claw. and the face that follows the hand; the red, reflective eyes of one of the half mad, the infected. the thing catches sight of lilly, then propels itself towards her. we see it's pov, approaching faster, faster. and lilly reaching out with her foot, to the door, struggling to hook it with her foot, trying to close it, almost catching the door handle, but her foot is so slippery and the thing is almost on her. then she stretches out with her foot, just catching the door and slams it in the face of the thing that is about to attack her. the thing on the other side of the door is now screaming wildly and the door handle is jerking down as the creature tries to activate it and lilly has her feet on it, trying desperately to keep the door shut, but her feet keep slipping. and then she realizes that the pipe from which she hangs is beginning to wobble water is now coursing from the hole in the wall, beginning to flow faster and faster. her feet slip more and more on the door. lilly tries to keep the door closed, but her feet are too slippery and the thing is pushing through the door. in the dark space only its eyes and slavering mouth are clear, hands grasping for lilly legs, scratching at them, lilly twisting, the creature's nails searching for purchase on her legs. lilly hauls herself up, wrapping her legs around the pipe she's attached to. the thing below her is groaning incoherently, reaching up, its hands grabbing at her, lilly pulling herself just out of reach, then seeing the eyes below her, wanting her. lilly tries to pull herself higher. and then she feels it. the pipe she's attached to is shifting, where it joins the wall. water is now flooding from it, the pipe jerks down, some of the old wall giving way. the creature's fingers are now able to grasp lilly's t shirt, drag at it, pull at her, screaming, the pipe grinding, water flowing and then the whole thing comes down, the pipe bursting out of the wall. lilly and the pipe falls, right on top of the creature. for a moment neither of them move, then the creature is grabbing at lilly's hair, pulling her head back. in a flash lilly pulls the pipe to which she is attached right into the face of the creature. this gives her time to stagger upright. she's still chained around the pipe; she can see the end of the pipe near the door. she begins to slide the chains back as the creature begins to rise and advance towards her. lilly desperately slides the chain along the pipe. it catches on a protrusion, while the creature advances. lilly frees it just in time, falling backwards as the creature jumps at her, lilly lifting the chain up to hold the creature back. the creature strains to get at lilly. lilly now has the chain at the creature's neck. she begins to tighten it around the creature's neck, her only hope now. the creature changes now, from frightening to pitiful as it realizes it can't breath, it's fingers desperately moving over lilly's face, almost pleading. tears form in lilly's eyes as she tightens the stranglehold; there is no anger there, just desperation, and behind that, pity. the creature breathes it's last breath then collapses onto lilly.}
<B>__{and and}
