<L>__{ext the raft day}
<A>__{grey, lifeless skies above the vastness of the ocean. pi shivers, his eyes glassy, his lips chapped and skin waxen from hours of exposure. he tries various ways to re shape the raft. a shark slips up alongside pi and bumps him, sending pi scrambling back to the safety of the raft.}
<L>__{exterior the lifeboat day}
<A>__{pi pulls the raft to the back of the lifeboat, tying the rope line on one of the tarp hooks. hands appear on the gunnels. pi lifts his head over the bow. the tiger is nowhere in sight. pi quietly climbs aboard. he tries in vain to control his chattering teeth and shaking limbs as he opens the starboard bow storage bench. he sees a duffel bag, zips it open and rifles through the contents. it contains an array of survival supplies as he lifts it out, his eye falls upon a stack of cans marked "water." he pops a hole in a water can with the can opener and drinks one, tilting his head back and closing his eyes in ecstasy. he throws a few on the raft. he grabs a couple of boxes marked "baked wheat biscuits." pi tears open a box and stuffs a biscuit into his mouth. the biscuits are so dry that he is barely able to chew them crumbs fall from his lips into the supply hatch. a rat skitters out from under the tarp, grabbing biscuit crumbs, then retreating. a low growl. richard parker charges out from his den and bounds onto the tarp. pi staggers in terror and falls helplessly into the storage bench, with only his head poking out above the tarp. the tiger steps toward pi, then hesitates again, the softness of the tarp unnerves him. he steps back off the tarp and paces the stern. pi creeps out of the storage bench then watches in horror as richard parker swivels and charges him again, this time beneath the tarp. the rat scurries back out of hiding and richard parker's head follows, looming up out from the gap between the tarp and the storage bench. pi jumps onto the tarp, out of the tiger's reach. richard parker scrambles backward and reappears at the far end of the tarp, roaring, prepared to attack from above then halts, watching in astonishment as the rat hops around the lifeboat, finally running up pi's shirt and landing on pi's head. pi grabs the rat by the tail and throws it. the rat sails, paws and tail stretched wide, across the boat. richard parker opens his mouth and the rat flies in, its tail disappearing between the tiger's lips like a spaghetti noodle. as richard parker enjoys his treat, pi climbs backward over the bow, unhooking the rope, grabbing the water cans and the biscuits and slipping over the side, falling into the water. he drops onto the raft and pushes himself back with his feet. the raft floats back and hits the end of the ropeline with a jerk. pi remembers the rope and goes back to untie it. suddenly richard parker appears at the bow and lunges at him, almost falling off the front of the lifeboat onto pi. the tiger scrambles back onto the boat and off the tarp, while pi paddles the raft away. when he is finally at a safe distance, fear and stress overwhelm pi he throws up what little food and water he has taken.}
