<L>__{exterior the stream invasion}
<A>__{the others are growing desperate; the forage on their side of the valley is almost exhausted. perhaps they realize that moonwatcher's tribe has lost three of its numbers during the night, for they choose this mourning to break the truce. when they meet at the river in the still, misty dawn, there is a deeper and more menacing note in their challenge. the noisy but usually harmless confrontation lasts only a few seconds before the invasion begins. in an uncertainly moving horde, the others cross the river, shieking threats and hunched for the attack. they are led by a big toothed hominid of moonwatcher's own size and age. startled and frightened, the tribe retreats before the first advance, throwing nothing more substantial than imprecations at the invaders. moonwatcher moves with them, his mind a mist of rage and confusion. to be driven from their own territory is a great badness, but to lose the river is death. he does not know what to do; it is a situation beyond his experience. then he becomes dimly aware that the others are slowing down, and advancing with obvious reluctance. the further they move from their own side, the more uncertain and unhappy they become. only big tooth still retains any of his original drive, and he is rapidly being separated from his followers. as he sees this, moonwatcher's own morale immediately revives. he slows down his retreat, and begins to make reassuring noises to his companions. novel sensations fill his dim mind – the first faint precursors of bravery and leadership. before he realizes it, he is face to face with big tooth, and the two tribes come to a halt many paces away. the disorganized and unscientific conflict could have ended quickly if either had used his fist as a club, but this innovation still lay hundreds of thousands of years in the future. instead, the slowly weakening fighters claw and scratch and try to bite each other. rolling over and over, they come to a patch of stony ground, and when they reach it moonwatcher is on top. by chance, he chooses this moment to grab the hair on big tooth's scalp, and bang his head on the ground. the resulting crack is so satisfactory, and produces such an immediate weakening in big tooth's resistance, that he quickly repeats it. even when big tooth ceases to move for some time, moonwatcher keeps up the exhilarating game. with shrieks of panic, the others retreat back, across the stream. the defenders cautiously pursue them as far as the water's edge.}
