<L>__{exterior cube first lesson}
<A>__{they are still a hundred yards from the new rock when the sound begins. it is quite soft, and it stops them in their tracks, so that they stand paralyzed on the trail with their jaws hanging. a simple, maddeningly repetitious rhythm pulses out of the crystal cube and hypnotises all who come within its spell. for the first time – and the last, for two million year – the sound of drumming is heard in africa. the throbbing grows louder, more insistent. presently the hominids begin to move forward like sleep walkers, towards the source of that magnetic sound. sometimes they take little dancing steps, as their blood responds to the rhythms that their descendants will not create for ages yet. totally entranced, they gather around the cube, forgetting the hardships of the day, the perils of the approaching dusk, and the hunger in their bellies. now, spinning wheels of light begin to merge, and the spokes fuse into luminous bars that slowly recede into the distance, rotating on their axes as they do; and the hominids watch, wideeyed, mesmerized captives of the crystal cube. then by some magic – though it was no more magical than all that had gone on before – a perfectly normal scene appears. it is as if a cubical block had been carved out of the day and shifted into the night. inside that block is a group of four hominids, who might have been members of moonwatcher's own tribe, eating chunks of meat. the carcass of a wart hog lies near them. this little family of male and female and two children is gorged and replete, with sleek and glossy pelts – and this was a condition of life that moonwatcher had never imagined. from time to time they stir lazily, as they loll at ease near the entrance of their cave, apparently at peace with the world. the spectacle of domestic bliss merges into a totally different scene. the family is no longer reposing peacefully outside its cave; it is foraging, searching for food like any normal hominids. a small wart hog ambles past the group of browsing humanoids without giving them more than a glance, for they had never been the slightest danger to its species. but that happy state of affairs is about to end. the big male suddenly bends down, picks up a heavy stone lying at his feet – and hurls it upon the unfortunate pig. the stone descends upon its skull, making exactly the same noise that moonwatcher had produced in his now almost forgotten encounter with big tooth. and the result, too, is much the same – the warthog gives one amazed, indignant squeal, and collapses in a motionless heap. then the whole sequence begins again, but this time it unfolds itself with incredible slowness. every detail of the movement can be followed; the stone arches leisurely through the air, the pig crumples up and sinks to the ground. there the scene freezes for long moments, the slayer standing motionless above the slain, the first of all weapons in his hand. the scene suddenly fades out. the cube is no more than a glimmering outline in the darkness; the hominids stir, as if awakening from a dream, realise where they are, and scuttle back to their caves. they have no concious memory of what they had seen; but that night, as he sits brooding at the entrance of his lair, his ears attuned to the noises of the world around him, moonwatcher feels the first fainterior twinges of a new and potent emotion – the urge to kill. he had taken his first step towards humanity.}
