<L>__{exterior stream master of the world}
<A>__{from their side of the stream, in the never violated safety of their own territory, the others see moonwatcher and fourteen males of his tribe appear from behind a small hillock over looking the stream, silhouetted against the dawn sky. the others begin to scream their daily challenge. but today something is different, though the others do not immediatly recognize this fact. instead of joining the verbal onslaught, as they had always done, moonwatcher and his small band decended from the rise, and begin to move forward to the stream with a quiet purposefulness never befor seen. as the others watch the figures silently approaching in the morning mist, they become aware of the terrible strangness of this encounter, and their rage gradually subsides down to an uneasy silence. at the water's edge, moonwatcher and his band stop. they carry their bone clubs and bone knives. led by one ear, the others half heartly resume the battle chant. but they are suddenly confrunted with a vision that cuts the sound from their throats, and strikes terror into their hearts. moonwatcher, who had been partly concealed by two males who walked before him, thrusts his arm high into the air. in his hand he holds a stoud tree branch. mounted atop the branch is the bloody head of the lion, its mouth jammed open with a stick, displaying its frightful fangs. the others gape in fearful disbelief at this display of power. moonwatchers stands motionless, thrusting the lion's head high. then with majestic deliberation, still carrying his mangled standard above his head, he begins to cross the stream, followed by his band. the others fade back from the stream, seeming to lack even the ability to flee. moonwatcher steps ashore and walks to one ear, who stands unsurely in front of his band. though he is a veteran of numerous combats at the water's edge, one ear has never been attacked by an enemy who had not first displayed his fighting rage; and he had never before been attacked with a weapon. one ear, merely looks up at the raised club until the heavey thigh bone of an antelope brings the darkness down around him. the others stare in wonder at moonwatcher's power. moonwatcher surveys the scene. now he was master of the world, and he was not sure what to do nexterior.. but he would think of something.}
