<L>__{exterior airport roadways night}
<A>__{vaughan is waiting for them at the airport flyover. he makes no attempt to hide himself, pushing his heavy car into the passing traffic stream. apparently uninterested in them, vaughan lies against his door sill, almost asleep at the wheel as he surges forward when the lights change. his left hand drums across the rim of the steering wheel as he swerves the lincoln to and fro across the road surface. his face is fixed in a rigid mask as he cuts in and out of the traffic lanes, surging ahead in the fast lane until he is abreast of them and then sliding back behind them, allowing other cars to cut between them and then taking up a watchful position in the slow lane. james can see that vaughan's car has become even more battered than it was before, scarred with many impact points, a rear window broken, cracked headlamps, a body panel detached from the off side rear wheel housing, the front bumper hanging from the chassis pinion, its rusting lower curvature touching the ground as vaughan corners. when they slow down for a line of tankers, vaughan makes his move. he pulls up beside them and then cuts viciously across three lanes of traffic to hit them broadside. the nose of the lincoln just nicks the tail of the light sports car, which spins down the road. the lincoln keeps on going, its vast momentum taking it into the guard rails of the exit ramp, and then over them. catherine and james slam spinning into the tail of a tanker which has all but stopped. the traffic behind them has already been slowing and thus easily avoids hitting the sports car when it comes bouncing to a halt across two traffic lanes. catherine lies back, sprawled in her seat, eyes wide and staring with fright, body rigid, bleeding from a small cut on her cheekbone. james jumps out of the car, then immediately slows with a limp. he continues, working his way doggedly through the motionless cars to the edge of the ramp. when he looks over the edge, james sees that vaughan's lincoln has plunged into the top of an airline coach which was running on the roadway below. with the lincoln now inside it, the coach then slewed sideways and crashed into several other vehicles. wreckage, flames and blood are everywhere. james's eyes are wide: not with horror, but with excitement.}
